Soldiers who staged an uprising in Guinea's capital on Sunday said on state television they dissolved the West African nation's government and constitution and closed all land and air borders.
周日在几内亚首都发动起义的士兵在国家电视台上说，他们解散了这个西非国家的政府、废除了宪法，并关闭了所有的陆地和空中边界。
However, Guinea's Defense Ministry said an attack on the presidential palace had been repelled.
然而，几内亚国防部表示，已击退针对总统府的袭击。
Fighting broke out near the palace on Sunday morning, with several sources saying an elite national army unit led by a former French legionnaire was behind the unrest.
周日上午，总统府附近爆发了战斗，几位消息人士称，由一名前法国兵团成员领导的精锐国民军是骚乱的幕后黑手。
Unverified videos on social media on Sunday afternoon showed President Alpha Conde in a room surrounded by army special forces.
周日下午社交媒体上未经证实的视频显示，总统阿尔法·孔戴在一间被陆军特种部队包围的房间里。
Conde's whereabouts were not immediately clear.
目前尚不清楚孔戴的下落。
He won a third term in October after changing the constitution to allow him to stand for president again.
在修改宪法允许他再次竞选总统后，他在10月份赢得了第三个任期。
Despite violent protests from the opposition, this has raised concern of further political upheavals in a region that has seen coups in Mali and Chad in recent months.
尽管反对派进行了暴力抗议，但这引发了人们对该地区进一步政治动荡的担忧。近几个月来，马里和乍得发生了政变。
Brazil's World Cup qualifying match against Argentina was suspended shortly after it began on Sunday after a group of Brazilian public health officials interrupted the game to demand that four of Argentina's players be placed in quarantine after breaching COVID-19 protocols.
巴西与阿根廷的世界杯预选赛于周日开始后不久就被暂停，此前巴西公共卫生官员中断了比赛，要求对阿根廷的四名球员进行隔离，原因是他们违反了新冠肺炎协议。
The health officials actually came out onto the pitch throwing the game into chaos.
卫生官员走上了球场，使比赛陷入混乱。
The four Premier League players were accused of failing to disclose they had spent time in the United Kingdom in the 14 days prior to their arrival.
这四名英超球员被指控没有透露他们在抵达巴西之前的14天内曾在英国待过一段时间。
A government order dating from June 23rd prohibits the entry into Brazilian territory of any foreign person from the United Kingdom, India or South Africa to prevent the spread of variants of the coronavirus.
从6月23日开始的一项政府命令禁止任何来自英国、印度或南非的外国人进入巴西领土，以防止冠状病毒变种的传播。
And Indigenous groups urged world leaders on Sunday to back a new target to protect 80 percent of the Amazon basin by 2025, saying bold action is needed to stop deforestation pushing the Earth's largest rainforest beyond the point of no return.
土著群体周日敦促世界领导人支持一项新目标，即到2025年保护亚马逊盆地80%的地区。他们称需要采取大胆的行动来阻止森林砍伐，避免将地球上最大的雨林推向无可挽回的境地。
Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton, VOA News.
我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道，美国之音新闻。
