This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
The Biden administration asked the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to block a Texas law that bans most abortions in the state.
拜登政府星期一要求美国最高法院阻止德克萨斯州的一项法律，该法律禁止德州的大多数堕胎。
The Justice Department asked the high court Monday to reverse the decision by an appeals court that allows the law to remain in effect while litigation over the policy continues.
美国司法部星期一要求高等法院撤销上诉法院的裁决，裁决允许该法律在关于它的诉讼进行期间保持生效。
The Republican-backed law bans abortions once cardiac activity has been detected in an embryo that typically occurs at six weeks, a point at which some women are not yet aware they're pregnant.
这项由共和党支持的法律禁止在检测到胚胎的心脏活动后堕胎，胎心跳动通常在怀孕六周时产生，而此时一些女性还没有意识到自己怀孕了。
The law also allows members of the public to sue people who may have facilitated an abortion after six weeks.
该法律还允许公众起诉可能为怀孕六周后的堕胎提供帮助的人。
The Supreme Court has already ruled on the issue once before in a lawsuit filed by abortion providers.
最高法院已经在提供堕胎服务者提起的诉讼中就此问题做出过一次裁决。
In a 5 to 4 vote last month, the court allowed the law to remain in effect as the legal battle over it continues.
上个月，最高法院以5票赞成、4票反对的结果，允许该法律继续生效，目前有关它的法律斗争仍在继续。
The Supreme Court, however, has not yet ruled on the constitutionality of the Texas law.
然而，最高法院尚未就德克萨斯州法律是否符合宪法做出裁决。
The United Nations announced Monday that a nationwide house-to-house polio vaccination campaign in conflict-torn Afghanistan will recommence next month.
联合国周一宣布，将于下个月在饱受战争摧残的阿富汗重新开始一项挨家挨户的全国范围小儿麻痹症疫苗接种运动。
The United Nations praised the new Taliban government for agreeing to lift a ban on such drives.
联合国赞扬了塔利班新政府同意解除对此类行动的禁令的行为。
Afghanistan is one of two countries in the world along with neighboring Pakistan where the highly infectious and incurable disease continues to crippled children.
世界上有两个国家的儿童持续因这种传染性极强的不治之症而致残，阿富汗是其中一个，另一个是它的邻国巴基斯坦。
The campaign due to start November 8 is aimed at reaching around 10 million children under the age of five across the country, including more than 3 million children in remote and previously inaccessible areas, this according to the World Health Organization and the U.N. children's agency UNICEF.
根据世界卫生组织和联合国儿童基金会的数据，定于11月8日开始的这项运动旨在覆盖全国大约1000万名5岁以下的儿童，其中包括来自偏远地区和以前无法触达的地区的300多万名儿童。
From Washington, you're listening to VOA News.
于华盛顿报道，您正在收听的是美国之音新闻。
