The United States continues to evacuate Americans, permanent U.S. residents and Afghan nationals who helped the U.S. from Afghanistan, this following a chaotic withdrawal in August that left an unknown number of Americans in the country.
美国持续从阿富汗撤离美国人、永久美国居民和曾帮助美国的阿富汗国民，此前美国在8月份的混乱撤离行动导致人数不详的美国人被留在阿富汗。
According to a press release from the State Department released on Monday, the U.S., since August 31, has relocated 479 American citizens and 450 permanent residents and their families.
根据美国国务院周一公布的资料显示，自8月31日以来，美国已经重新安置了479名美国公民和450名永久居民及其家属。
Russia has vetoed a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that warns about the security implications for climate change.
俄罗斯否决了联合国安理会一项决议草案，该决议草案警告气候变化可能引起的安全后果。
Its envoy called it "unacceptable" for the government.
俄罗斯特使称这对该国政府来说是“不可接受的”。
Twelve Security Council members voted to adopt the resolution Monday while China abstained and India voted no.
12个安理会成员国星期一投票通过了这项决议，中国投了弃权票，印度投了反对票。
India's envoy asked what a resolution could achieve that the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change could not.
印度特使问道，这份决议能实现什么联合国气候变化框架公约不能实现的东西。
In a rare occurrence, the text was co-sponsored by 113 countries from the U.N. membership, showing the majority's belief that the council should consider the link between global warming and security issues.
113个联合国成员国罕见地共同起草了这份草案，这表明大多数成员国认为安理会应该考虑全球变暖与安全问题之间的联系。
For the second time in a matter of days, food aid for starving Ethiopians has been stolen from the World Food Program in northern Ethiopia.
埃塞俄比亚北部的世界粮食计划署向挨饿的埃塞俄比亚人提供的粮食援助在几天内第二次被偷走。
The United Nations made that statement Monday.
联合国星期一发表了上述声明。
U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters, quote, "On the evening of December 10, a group of armed actors, believed to be either from the Ethiopian National Defense Forces or an affiliated allied military force, entered the Disaster Risk Management Committee compound in Kombolcha and took 18 WFP trucks by force."
联合国发言人法尔汉·哈克对记者说：“12月10日晚，一群武装分子——据信要么来自埃塞俄比亚国防军，要么来自附属的盟军军队——进入了位于康姆博尔查的灾难风险管理委员会大楼，强行劫持了18辆世界粮食计划署的卡车。”
He went on, "The armed individuals then used the trucks in several locations for their own purposes."
他还说，“武装人员随后在几个地点出于个人用途使用了卡车。”
He said 15 trucks have been returned, but three remain missing.
他说，已经归还了15辆卡车，但仍有3辆下落不明。
The WFP has informed the federal government and local authorities in the town of Dessie, who the spokesman said are assisting in the recovery the three trucks.
世界粮食计划署已经通知了德西镇的联邦政府和地方当局。这位发言人称，他们正在协助找回这三辆卡车。
