This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
The U.S. State Department announced Tuesday it will withhold $130 million worth of military aid to Egypt until Cairo takes specific steps related to human rights.
美国国务院星期二宣布，在开罗采取人权方面的具体措施之前，美国将拒绝向埃及提供价值1.3亿美元的军事援助。
Secretary of State Antony Blinken's move is a break with his predecessors' policy of overriding a congressional check on military aid to Egypt.
国务卿安东尼·布林肯的这一举动与他前任的政策截然不同，前任的政策是无视国会对埃及军事援助的审查。
In the past, an exception was granted to free up Foreign Military Financing for Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's government on the basis that it was in the interest of U.S. national security.
过去，破例为阿卜杜勒·法塔赫·塞西政府提供对外军事援助，是因为这符合美国的国家安全利益。
But rights groups, which had called on the administration to block the entire $300 million aid, expressed disappointment at the decision, saying it was a, quote, "betrayal" of the U.S. commitment to promote human rights.
但是人权组织对美国政府的这一决定表示失望，称这是对美国促进人权承诺的“背叛”。人权组织曾呼吁美国政府阻止全部3亿美元的援助。
Sisi, who ousted the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013, has overseen a crackdown on dissent that has tightened in recent years.
塞西在2013年推翻了穆斯林兄弟会，他监督了近年来力度有所加强的对异见人士的镇压。
He denies there are political prisoners in Egypt and says stability and security are paramount.
他否认埃及有政治犯，并表示稳定和安全是最重要的。
Haiti's Prime Minister Ariel Henry on Tuesday fired his top prosecutor who was seeking charges against the premier over the July assassination of President Jovenel Moise.
周二，海地总理阿里尔·亨利解雇了他的首席检察官，这位检察官就七月份总统莫伊兹遇刺案对亨利提出指控。
Henry's decision to fire him came hours after the prosecutor asked the judge investigating Moise's murder to charge the prime minister with involvement in the case.
就在亨利决定解雇他的几个小时前，检察官要求调查莫伊兹谋杀案的法官指控总理与此案有关联。
The prosecutor had made the request due to alleged phone calls Henry made with one of the main suspects in the hours after the killing.
检察官之所以提出这一要求，是因为据称亨利在杀人后数小时内与一名主要嫌疑人通了电话。
He had also requested Henry be banned from leaving the island nation.
他还要求禁止亨利离开这个岛国。
Moise, a politically and publicly controversial figure, was killed in the early morning hours of July 7th when an armed group burst into his private residence in the Haitian capital.
莫伊兹是一位在政治和公众方面都备受争议的人物，7月7日凌晨，一群武装分子闯入他在海地首都的私人住所将其杀害。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
