This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
U.S. President Joe Biden gave an update on evacuations from Afghanistan on Sunday. 
美国总统拜登周日公布了从阿富汗撤军的最新情况。
He said none of the planes leaving Kabul are civilian aircraft and that all evacuees will be taken from Kabul to a secondary point for security checks before flying to the United States.
他说，离开喀布尔的飞机都不是民用飞机，所有撤离人员将从喀布尔被带到一个中转地点接受安全检查，然后再飞往美国。
President Biden said in a televised address on Sunday that the number of people evacuated from Kabul will change from day to day.
拜登总统在周日的电视讲话中表示，从喀布尔撤离的人数每天都会发生变化。
Earlier Sunday, the White House said the U.S. had evacuated 7,400 people from Kabul in the past 24 hours. 
周日早些时候，白宫表示，美国在过去24小时内已从喀布尔撤离了7400人。
Mr. Biden said as many as 11,000 were evacuated in a 36-hour period over the weekend. 
拜登说，在周末的36小时内，多达1.1万人撤离。
Tens of thousands more await a ride out of Kabul.
另有数万人等待着离开喀布尔的飞机。
U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Sunday the Defense Department is using civilian passenger planes to help with the evacuation. 
美国国防部长奥斯汀星期天说，国防部正在使用民用客机协助撤离。
Biden said all flights out of Kabul first land in military bases in a handful of countries where non-U.S. citizens will undergo background checks and security screenings.
拜登说，所有从喀布尔起飞的飞机首先会降落在少数几个国家的军事基地，非美国公民将在那里接受背景调查和安全检查。
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken told "Fox News Sunday" that the latest group of evacuees left on 60 flights, many of them headed to Mideastern countries. 
美国国务卿安东尼·布林肯告诉“福克斯周日新闻”，最新一批撤离人员乘坐60架飞机离开，其中多架飞往中东国家。
There have been chaotic scenes at the Kabul airport as Afghans and foreigners alike try to flee Afghanistan following the Taliban takeover a week ago.
一周前塔利班夺取政权后，阿富汗人和外国人都试图逃离阿富汗，喀布尔机场一片混乱。
Rescue crews on Sunday searched for more than 50 people reported missing in the southeastern U.S. state of Tennessee after flooding from extraordinarily heavy rains left at least 21 people dead.
星期天，救援人员在美国东南部田纳西州搜寻据报失踪的50多人。此前，田纳西州特大暴雨引发的洪水造成至少21人死亡。
The unprecedented flooding took out roads, cell phone towers and telephone lines. 
这场前所未有的洪水摧毁了道路、手机信号塔和电话线路。
Emergency workers resorted to searching door to door for those reported missing.
紧急救援人员挨家挨户地搜寻失踪者。
Downpours on Saturday were rapidly turned the creeks that run behind backyards and through downtown Waverly into raging rapids.
周六的倾盆大雨迅速将流经后院并穿过韦弗利市中心的小溪变成了汹涌的急流。
VOA News.
美国之音新闻。
