This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Diane Roberts.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是戴安·罗伯茨，为您远程报道。
U.S. President Joe Biden Thursday warned his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin of a tough U.S. response to any invasion of Ukraine while the Kremlin leader said anti-Moscow sanctions would be, quote, "a colossal mistake," end quote.
美国总统拜登星期四警告俄罗斯总统普京，美国将对入侵乌克兰的任何行动作出强硬回应。而这位克里姆林宫领导人则表示，反莫斯科的制裁将是“一个巨大的错误”。
After a 50-minute phone call, their second in just over three weeks, both presidents indicated support for further diplomacy on the tense standoff between Russia and Western-backed Ukraine.
经过50分钟的电话交谈——这是他们三周多以来的第二次通话——两位总统都表示支持展开进一步交涉以解决俄罗斯和西方支持的乌克兰之间的紧张对峙。
Putin was pleased overall with the talks, his foreign policy adviser told reporters.
普京的外交政策顾问告诉记者，普京总体上对会谈感到满意。
A senior U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said the tone was "serious and substantive."
一位不愿透露姓名的美国高级官员称，会谈的基调是“严肃和实质性的”。
But there was no disguising the depth of disagreement or the dangerously high stakes on the fringes of Eastern Europe.
但并没有掩饰分歧程度之深，也没有掩饰东欧边缘国家面临的高风险。
Ahead of in-person negotiations between high-ranking Russian and U.S. officials January 10, Mr. Biden's press secretary said in a statement that the president, quote, "made clear that the United States and its allies and partners will respond decisively if Russia further invade Ukraine," end quote.
在俄罗斯和美国高级官员于1月10日进行面对面谈判之前，拜登的新闻秘书在一份声明中称，总统“已明确表示，如果俄罗斯进一步入侵乌克兰，美国及其盟友和伙伴将作出果断回应。”
The congressional committee investigating the January 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol Thursday urged the Supreme Court to deny a request by former President Donald Trump to shield some of his White House records.
调查1月6日美国国会大厦袭击事件的国会委员会周四敦促最高法院拒绝前总统唐纳德·特朗普提出的请求，即保护他在白宫的一些记录。
In a written brief, the committee asked the high court to leave in place a lower court ruling that cleared the way for investigators to see telephone records, visitor logs and other documents for the closing weeks of Trump's presidency.
在一份书面简报中，该委员会要求最高法院保留下级法院的一项裁决，该裁决为调查人员查看特朗普总统任期最后几周的电话记录、访客记录和其他文件扫清了道路。
The committee has said it needs the requested materials to understand the role Trump may have played in fomenting the riot.
该委员会表示，他们需要这些材料来了解特朗普在煽动骚乱中可能扮演的角色。
More than 100 police officers were injured during the multi-hour onslaught by Trump's supporters.
在特朗普支持者们长达数小时的猛攻中，有100多名警察受伤。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
