Health officials in the southern U.S. state of Louisiana said Tuesday they are revoking the licenses of nursing homes that were evacuated to a warehouse where seven residents died amid conditions deemed to be unacceptable and unsafe after Hurricane Ida.
美国南部路易斯安那州的卫生官员星期二说，他们将在飓风“艾达”结束之后吊销一些疗养院的执照。这些疗养院将人们疏散到一个仓库里，那里的条件被认为是不可接受的和不安全的，这导致了7名居住者死亡。
Authorities found some nursing home residents lying on mattresses on the floor without food or clean clothes and detected strong odors of urine and feces throughout the warehouse.
当局在仓库里发现，一些疗养院居住者躺在地板上的床垫上，没有食物和干净的衣服，并察觉到仓库各处强烈的尿液和粪便气味。
Piles of trash were on the floor and officials say water entered the building and generators at least temporarily failed.
地板上堆满了垃圾，官员们说，水漫进大楼，发电机至少暂时出现了故障。
A health department lawyer called the conditions, quote, "inhumane."
卫生部门的一名律师称这种居住环境是“不人道的”。
Dozens of people in the U.S. died last week because of the storm but most deaths were in the northeast where many were caught off guard.
上周，美国有数十人死于这场风暴，但大部分死亡发生在东北部，许多人猝不及防。
Ida made landfall in the southern Gulf Coast where residents and businesses there had more than a day to prepare.
“艾达”在墨西哥湾南部海岸登陆，当地居民和企业有一天多的时间做准备。
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday he won't change how he campaigns after he and others were hit by gravel rocks thrown by an anti-vaccine protester during the campaign this week.
加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多周二表示，他不会改变自己的竞选方式。此前，在本周的竞选活动中，一名反疫苗抗议者向他和其他人投掷了石块。
Trudeau has faced increasingly hostile protests by what he calls "anti-Vax mobs" ahead of the September 20th election.
在9月20日大选之前，特鲁多面临着他称作“反疫苗暴徒”的越来越多的敌意抗议。
During a campaign stop Monday, Trudeau and some journalists were hit by gravel stones thrown by a protester as he boarded his campaign bus.
在周一的竞选活动中，特鲁多和一些记者在登上竞选巴士时被一名抗议者投掷的石块击中。
Police say they are investigating and asking the public for information about the incident.
警方表示，他们正在进行调查，并请求公众提供有关这一事件的信息。
Trudeau claims Canadians are proud of the fact that Canada is not like the United States and he won't change.
特鲁多声称加拿大人为加拿大不像美国的这一事实感到自豪，他不会改变。
He said, quote, "Canadians are reassured and even proud of the fact that we're not the United States, that a prime minister or a candidate can walk down the street without fear of being attacked."
他说，这里引用他的原话：“加拿大人感到安心，甚至为我们不是美国人感到自豪，因为一位总理或一位候选人可以走上街头而不用担心受到攻击。”
Last month, a Trudeau campaign event was cancelled because of security concerns.
上个月，出于安全考虑，特鲁多的一场竞选活动被取消。
The Taliban on Tuesday announced an all-male interim government for Afghanistan that is stacked with veterans of their hardline rule from the 1990s and the 20-year battle against the U.S.-led coalition.
塔利班星期二宣布成立一个全部由男性组成的阿富汗临时政府，该政府由20世纪90年代的强硬派统治者和与美国领导的联军战斗长达20多年的老兵组成。
The move seems unlikely to win the international support the new leaders desperately need to avoid an economic meltdown in the country.
这一举措似乎不太可能赢得新领导人为避免该国经济崩溃而迫切需要的国际支持。
