Thousands of opposition supporters filled the street outside Georgia's national parliament building on Sunday to protest municipal election results that gave the country's ruling party a near-sweep.
周日，数千名反对派支持者聚集在格鲁吉亚国家议会大楼外的街道上，抗议地方选举的结果，即该国执政党几乎大获全胜。
Candidates of the Georgian Dream party won 19 of the 20 municipal elections in runoff votes on Saturday, including the mayoral offices in the country's five largest cities.
格鲁吉亚梦想党候选人在周六的决选中赢得了20个市政选举中的19个，其中包括该国5个最大城市的市长职务。
The opposition alleges fraud.
反对派称存在选举舞弊。
However, an election-observer mission of the Organization for Security and Cooperation In Europe said the "voting and counting were overall assessed positively despite some procedural issues, particularly during counting."
然而，欧洲安全与合作组织的一个选举观察团说，“尽管在程序上存在一些问题，特别是在点票过程中，但投票和点票总体上得到积极的评估。”
Nika Melia, head of the main opposition party United National Movement, told protest crowd that opposition leaders would be sent to other cities to marshal supporters to come to Tbilisi for a massive rally on November 7.
主要反对党统一民族运动党的领导人尼卡·米利亚告诉抗议人群，反对党领导人将被派往其他城市，召集支持者们到第比利斯参加11月7日的大规模集会。
The elections were overshadowed by the arrest of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, the founder of the United National Movement. He was arrested October 1.
格鲁吉亚前总统、统一民族运动党创始人米哈伊尔·萨卡什维利于10月1日被捕，这给选举蒙上了一层阴影。
Algeria on Sunday expressed "profound regret" at what it called an unbalanced U.N. Security Council resolution calling on all sides to resume talks toward a solution in disputed Western Sahara.
阿尔及利亚星期天对联合国安理会一项有失公正的决议表示“深感遗憾”，该决议呼吁各方恢复谈判，以解决有争议的西撒哈拉问题。
Algiers backs a group, which seeks independence in Western Sahara, and in August broke off relations with Morocco over various accusations of hostile acts.
阿尔及尔支持一个在西撒哈拉寻求独立的组织，并在8月因各种敌对行为罪状与摩洛哥断绝了关系。
Morocco controls nearly 80 percent of the arid and sparsely populated territory which was under Spain's jurisdiction until 1975.
摩洛哥控制着近80%的干旱和人口稀少的领土，在1975年之前，这些领土一直处于西班牙的管辖之下。
The United Nations resolution called for "the parties" to resume negotiations "without preconditions and in good faith" in search of a, quote, "just, lasting and mutually acceptable political solution."
联合国决议呼吁“各方”“无条件地、真诚地”恢复谈判，寻求“公正、持久和双方都能接受的政治解决方案”。
It also renewed for another year the U.N. Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara, which was established in 1991.
它还将1991年成立的联合国西撒哈拉全民投票特派团任期延长了一年。
