Burkina Faso's government said Tuesday it had killed dozens of so-called "terrorists" and arrested hundreds of suspects in joint operations along its borders with neighboring Ivory Coast and Ghana last week.
布基纳法索政府星期二说，在上周与邻国科特迪瓦和加纳边境的联合行动中，已击毙数十名所谓的“恐怖分子”，并逮捕了数百名嫌疑人。
The country's security minister says from November 21 to 27, a total of almost 6,000 soldiers from four countries were deployed against jihadists.
该国安全部长表示，从11月21日到27日，总共部署了来自四个国家的近6000名士兵以对抗圣战分子。
In Burkina itself, the minister says, five so-called terrorist bases were destroyed and, quote, "around 30 terrorists neutralized in clashes" near the border with Ivory Coast.
这位部长说，在布基纳法索，5个所谓的恐怖分子基地被摧毁，“大约30名恐怖分子在其与科特迪瓦边境附近的冲突中被击毙”。
Jihadist attacks have grown increasingly regular and deadly in Burkina Faso since 2015.
自2015年以来，布基纳法索的圣战袭击变得越来越频繁，也越来越致命。
At least nine officers and around 10 civilians were killed November 21 in an attack blamed on jihadists.
11月21日，至少9名军官和大约10名平民在一场被归咎于圣战分子的袭击中丧生。
A week before, at least 57 people, 53 of them in the military, were killed in an attack on a police post in the West African country's north.
一周前，至少57人在西非国家北部的一个警察哨所遇袭身亡，其中53人是军方人员。
And Chile's parliament on Tuesday postponed a vote on a long-awaited bill to legalize same-sex marriage and shelved another to decriminalize abortion.
智利议会周二推迟了对期待已久的同性婚姻合法化法案的投票，并搁置了另一项使堕胎合法化的法案。
In a frustrating day for activists, the bill on gay marriage was sent back to legislators to iron out disagreements on the day many had hoped it would finally be passed.
对于活动人士来说，这是令人沮丧的一天，就在许多人期望法案获得通过的这天，关于同性婚姻的法案被发回立法者以解决一些分歧。
And in a separate process, a bill that would allow elective abortion within 14 weeks of pregnancy was put on hold pending a further reworking of the text -- effectively archiving it for a year.
在另一个单独的程序中，一项允许在怀孕14周内进行选择性堕胎的法案被搁置，等待进一步修改文本——实际上是将其存档一年。
Once adopted, the marriage law will see Chile join only a handful of countries in majority Catholic Latin America where same-sex couples can legally tie the knot -- after Costa Rica, Ecuador, Colombia, Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina and also in 14 of Mexico's 32 states.
一旦同性婚姻法通过，智利将成为继哥斯达黎加、厄瓜多尔、哥伦比亚、巴西、乌拉圭和阿根廷以及墨西哥32个州中的14个之后，少数几个允许同性伴侣合法结婚的拉美天主教国家之一。
In Latin America abortion is legal only in Uruguay, Cuba, Argentina since January and Guyana as well as in Mexico City and three Mexican states.
在拉丁美洲，堕胎只在乌拉圭、古巴、阿根廷、圭亚那以及墨西哥城和墨西哥的三个州是合法的。
It's banned in El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
萨尔瓦多、洪都拉斯、尼加拉瓜、多米尼加共和国和海地禁止堕胎。
