Iraq says it has detained the mastermind behind a deadly 2016 bombing in a Baghdad shopping center that killed around 300 people and wounded 250.
伊拉克称逮捕了2016年巴格达购物中心致命爆炸事件的主谋，那次爆炸造成了约300人死亡，250人受伤。
The car bombing in central Baghdad was the deadliest attack by a single bomber in the Iraqi capital since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
巴格达市中心的汽车炸弹袭击是自2003年以美国为首的入侵推翻伊拉克独裁者萨达姆以来，伊拉克首都发生的最致命的单一炸弹袭击事件。
Two Iraqi intelligence officials said Monday that the suspect, an Iraqi, was detained during a complex operation that was carried out with the cooperation of a neighboring country that they did not name.
两名伊拉克情报官员周一表示，嫌疑人是一名伊拉克人，在一次复杂的行动中被拘留，这次行动是在一个邻国的协助下进行的，他们没有透露邻国的名字。
He was also detained in an unnamed foreign country.
他还在一个未透露名字的外国被拘留。
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the record.
由于未获授权公开发言，这些官员要求匿名。
Indian authorities have moved thousands of migrant workers in Kashmir to safer locations overnight while hundreds have fled the Himalayan valley after a wave of targeted killings, this according to two security officials on Monday.
两名安全官员周一表示，印度当局已连夜将数千名克什米尔地区的移民工人转移到了更安全的地方，不过，有数百人在一波有针对性的杀戮后逃离了喜马拉雅山谷。
In other areas, security forces intensified patrolling to prevent any militant activity, according to one of the officials.
据其中一名官员说，在其他地区，安全部队加强了巡逻，以防止出现任何极端分子活动。
Suspected militants have killed 11 civilians, including five migrant workers, in Kashmir since early October, this despite a widespread security crackdown in the heavily militarized region.
自10月初以来，疑似极端分子已在克什米尔地区杀害了11名平民，其中包括5名移民工人，尽管这个高度军事化的地区已进行了广泛的安全镇压。
While the trigger for the latest wave of attacks was not immediately clear, Kashmir has been the site of armed insurgency against New Delhi for decades.
虽然目前还不清楚最近这波袭击的起因，但克什米尔几十年来一直是针对新德里的武装叛乱活动的发生地。
Kashmir is claimed in full by India and Pakistan but ruled in parts by both.
印度和巴基斯坦声称对克什米尔拥有全部主权，但双方都统治着克什米尔的部分地区。
The decision to move workers came after an attack on migrant laborers from Bihar on Sunday.
周日，来自比哈尔邦的移民劳工遭到袭击，之后政府做出了转移工人的决定。
Police said that militants barged into a rented room in Kashmir's Kulgam district and fired at them, leaving two dead and one wounded.
警方说，武装分子闯入克什米尔库尔甘区一间出租屋，向他们开枪，造成两人死亡，一人受伤。
