This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
One of the world's largest oil producers, Saudi Arabia, announced Saturday it aims to reach "net zero" greenhouse gas emissions by 2060, joining more than 100 countries in a global effort to try and curb manmade climate change.
世界最大的石油生产国之一沙特阿拉伯周六宣布，其目标是到2060年实现温室气体“净零”排放，与其它100多个国家一起，共同努力遏制人为造成的气候变化。
The announcement was made by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in remarks at the start of the kingdom's first-ever Saudi Green Initiative Forum.
沙特王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼在沙特首届绿色倡议论坛开始时发表讲话，宣布了这一消息。
It was timed a little more than a week before the start of the global COP26 climate conference being held in Glasgow, Scotland.
该倡议论坛举行一个多星期后，COP26全球气候大会在苏格兰格拉斯哥举行。
The global summit starting October 31 will draw heads of state from around the world to try and tackle global warming and its challenges.
10月31日开始的全球峰会将吸引世界各国的领导人前来，努力应对全球变暖及其带来的挑战。
Saudi Arabia has pushed back against the recommendation that fossil fuels be urgently phased out of the energy sector.
沙特阿拉伯反对将化石燃料紧急淘汰出能源领域的建议。
The kingdom's oil and gas exports formed a backbone of its economy despite efforts to diversify away from reliance on fossil fuels for revenue.
尽管沙特在努力实现经济多元化，摆脱对化石燃料的依赖，但石油和天然气出口仍是该国经济的支柱。
A U.S. military drone strike in Syria Friday killed a high-level al-Qaeda leader, according to the U.S. Central Command.
据美国中央司令部消息，周五，美国军方无人机在叙利亚击毙了一名基地组织高级领导人。
The strike occurred two days after a U.S. base in southern Syria was attacked, causing no U.S. deaths or casualties.
两天前，美国在叙利亚南部的一个基地遭到袭击，此次袭击没有造成美军人员伤亡。
The U.S. military did not say whether Friday's U.S. strike was retaliatory.
美国军方并未表明周五的美国袭击是否出于报复。
A U.S. airstrike in September killed another senior al-Qaeda leader near Idlib in northwestern Syria.
今年9月，美国在叙利亚西北部的伊德利卜附近发动空袭，击毙了另一名基地组织高级领导人。
As of late September, Syria's 10-year civil war involving foreign troops, militias and jihadists had killed at least 350,000 civilians, this according to the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
根据联合国人权事务高级专员办事处的数据，截至9月下旬，叙利亚长达10年的内战已造成至少35万平民死亡。这场内战的参与者包括外国军队、民兵和圣战分子。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
