Russia's foreign minister said Saturday the United States, China, Russia and Pakistan are working together to ensure that Afghanistan's new Taliban rulers keep their promises, especially to form a genuinely representative government and prevent the spread of extremist groups.
俄罗斯外长星期六说，美国、中国、俄罗斯和巴基斯坦正在共同努力，确保阿富汗的塔利班新统治者遵守他们的承诺，特别是组建一个真正具有代表性的政府，并防止极端组织的蔓延。
Sergei Lavrov said representatives from Russia, China and Pakistan had traveled to Qatar and then to Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, to engage both the Taliban and former Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Abdullah Abdullah, who headed the ousted government's negotiating council with the Taliban.
拉夫罗夫说，来自俄罗斯、中国和巴基斯坦的代表已先后前往卡塔尔和阿富汗首都喀布尔，与塔利班以及阿富汗前总统卡尔扎伊和阿卜杜拉进行接触，阿卜杜拉是被推翻的政府与塔利班谈判委员会的负责人。
Lavrov said the interim government announced by the Taliban does not reflect "the whole gamut of Afghan society - ethno-religious and political forces - so we are engaging in contacts. They are ongoing."
拉夫罗夫说，塔利班宣布成立的临时政府并没有考虑到“阿富汗社会的所有方面——民族宗教和政治力量——因此我们正在进行接触。接触正在进行中。”
The Russian foreign minister was speaking at a press conference before addressing the U.N. General Assembly's high-level meeting.
在联合国大会高级别会议上发表讲话之前，俄罗斯外长在新闻发布会上说了这番话。
The Taliban have hanged a dead body in the main square of a western city in Afghanistan, signaling a return to some of the group's harsh methods of the past.
塔利班在阿富汗西部一座城市的大广场上悬吊一具尸体，标志着该组织重新采用了过去的一些严酷手段。
AP's Ben Thomas reports.
美联社本·托马斯带来报道。
A crowd gathered to see the gruesome display shouting their approval.
一群人聚集在一起围观这可怕的公示，高呼赞同。
A man who runs a nearby pharmacy tells the Associated Press four bodies were brought to Herat city's main square.
一名在附近经营药店的男子告诉美联社，四具尸体被带到赫拉特市的大广场。
One dangled from a crane while three were moved to other areas for public display.
其中一具悬挂在起重机上，另外三具尸体被转移到其他地方示众。
He says the Taliban announced the four were caught taking part in the kidnapping and killed by police.
他说，塔利班宣称，这四人因参与绑架被捕，并被警方击毙。
This Taliban commander says the display should alert criminals that they are not safe.
这名塔利班指挥官表示，这种公示可以提醒罪犯，他们并不安全。
One of the Taliban's founders told the AP earlier this week the Taliban will again carry out harsh punishments, including executions and amputations as it reasserts its rule over Afghanistan.
本周早些时候，塔利班的一位创立者告诉美联社，塔利班将再次实行严酷的惩罚，包括处决和截肢，以重申其对阿富汗的统治。
I'm Ben Thomas.
我是本·托马斯。
Amid an outcry over U.S. treatment of Haitian asylum-seekers, the country's embattled prime minister said Saturday that inequalities and conflict drive migration.
在美国对待海地寻求庇护者的方式引起强烈抗议之际，处境艰难的海地总理星期六说，不平等和冲突推动了移民现象。
