This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Venezuela said Saturday it is suspending talks with the political opposition to protest the extradition to the United States of a close ally of President Nicholas Maduro.
委内瑞拉星期六表示，它将暂停与政治反对派的谈判，以抗议将总统尼古拉斯·马杜罗的亲密盟友引渡到美国一事。
Venezuela had intended to make that ally, Alex Saab, part of the delegation to the talks in Mexico City.
委内瑞拉原本打算让这位盟友亚历克斯·萨博成为墨西哥城谈判代表团的一员。
Instead, he was arrested last year in Africa's Cape Verde, from where he was extradited on Saturday, this according to his legal team.
相反，据他的法律团队称，他去年在非洲的佛得角被捕，并于周六在那里被引渡。
The speaker of Congress Jorge Rodriguez said the government will not attend the next session, which is due to start Sunday in protest.
国会议长Jorge Rodriguez表示，政府将不会参加定于周日开始的下一次会议，以示抗议。
Earlier, a senior U.S. official confirmed that Saab had been put on a plane to the United States to face money laundering charges.
早些时候，一名美国高级官员证实，萨博已被送上一架飞往美国的飞机，面临洗钱指控。
When Saab was arrested 16 months ago, he had been making a stop on the way to Iran for what Maduro's government later described as a diplomatic humanitarian mission.
16个月前，萨博被逮捕时，他正在前往伊朗的途中作短暂停留，马杜罗政府后来称这是一次外交人道主义任务。
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Saturday laid flowers outside the church where a lawmaker was stabbed to death on Friday in what police say was a terrorist attack, probably linked to Islamist extremism.
英国首相鲍里斯·约翰逊周六在教堂外献花，周五一名议员在该教堂遇刺身亡，警方称这是一起恐怖袭击，可能与伊斯兰极端主义有关。
The attack on David Amess from Johnson's Conservative Party comes five years after the murder of Jo Cox, a lawmaker from the opposition Labor Party.
大卫·阿梅斯属于约翰逊所在的保守党，这起对他的攻击发生在反对党工党议员乔·考克斯被谋杀的五年之后。
The killing has prompted a review of the security of elected politicians.
这起谋杀案促使政府对民选政客的安全进行了审度。
Taliban authorities pledged to step up security at Shiite mosques as hundreds of people gathered on Saturday to bury the victims of the second Islamic State suicide attack on worshipers in a week.
塔利班当局承诺加强什叶派清真寺的安保措施。周六，数百人聚集在一起埋葬遇难者，这些人在伊斯兰国一周内对礼拜者发动的第二次自杀式袭击中遇害。
Hardline Sunni group Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack on the Fatima mosque in Kandahar, in which a group of suicide bombers shot their way into the mosque and then blew themselves up among the worshippers.
强硬的逊尼派组织“伊斯兰国”宣称对坎大哈法蒂玛清真寺的袭击负责。在袭击中，一群携带自杀式炸弹的袭击者冲进清真寺，随后在礼拜者中引爆了自己。
VOA News.
美国之音新闻。
