This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Afghanistan's new Taliban government announced on Sunday that women can continue to study in universities, including at postgraduate levels, but classrooms will be gender-segregated and Islamic dress is required.
阿富汗塔利班新政府周日宣布，女性可以继续在大学学习，包括研究生阶段，但教室将实行性别隔离，并要求穿伊斯兰服装。
The country's new higher education minister laid out the new policies several days after Afghanistan's new rulers formed an all-male government.
阿富汗新统治者组建全男性政府几天后，该国新任高等教育部长公布了这些新政策。
The world has been watching closely to see to what extent the Taliban might act differently from their first time in power in the late 1990s.
全世界都在密切关注塔利班与他们在90年代末第一次掌权时的做法会在多大程度上有所不同。
During that era, girls and women were denied an education and were excluded from public life.
在那个时代，女孩和妇女被剥夺了受教育的机会，被排除在公共生活之外。
The Taliban have suggested that they've changed, including in their attitudes towards women.
塔利班表示，他们已经改变了，包括对女性的态度。
However, they have used violence in recent days against female protesters demanding equal rights.
然而，他们最近几天对要求平等权利的女性抗议者使用了暴力。
Iran has agreed to allow international inspectors to continue using surveillance cameras at its sensitive nuclear sites.
伊朗同意允许国际核查人员继续在其敏感核设施地点使用监控摄像头。
The announcement Sunday averted a diplomatic showdown.
周日的声明避免了一场外交摊牌。
The announcement was made after talks in Tehran between Rafael Grossi, who is the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, and Mohammad Eslami, the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran.
国际原子能机构总干事拉斐尔·格罗西和伊朗原子能组织总干事穆罕默德·埃斯拉米在德黑兰会谈后宣布了上述消息。
The talks were aimed at easing a standoff between Tehran and the West just as it threatens to escalate.
此次会谈旨在缓解德黑兰和西方国家之间的僵局，目前僵局有升级的危险。
Eslami told Iranian news agencies that Tehran agreed to allow international experts to replace the memory cards in the surveillance cameras at Iranian nuclear sites.
埃斯拉米告诉伊朗新闻机构，德黑兰同意允许国际专家更换伊朗核设施监控摄像头中的存储卡。
The cameras exist under the joint authority of the international and the Iranian nuclear agencies.
这些摄像机由国际原子能机构和伊朗核机构共同管理。
This was Rafael Grossi's first visit to Iran since hardline president Ebrahim Raisi took office in August.
这是自强硬派总统易卜拉欣·拉伊西8月上任以来，拉斐尔·格罗西首次访问伊朗。
You're listening to VOA News.
您正在收听的是美国之音新闻。
