This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
U.S. President Joe Biden is expected to decide as soon as Tuesday on whether to extend an August 31st deadline to airlift Americans and their allies to safety.
预计美国总统拜登最早将于星期二决定是否延长在8月31日前将美国及其盟友空运至安全地带的最后期限。
That's according to Reuters news agency, who cites an administration official as saying on Monday that the president would decide within 24 hours whether to extend the timeline.
路透社援引一位政府官员周一的话说，总统将在24小时内决定是否延长期限。
Biden had said on Sunday that U.S. troops might stay beyond the August 31st deadline to oversee the evacuation.
拜登周日曾表示，美军可能会在8月31日的最后期限之后留下来监督撤离。
Reuters said some White House advisers were arguing against extending the deadline for security reasons.
路透社称，出于安全原因，一些白宫顾问反对延长最后期限。
Biden has a virtual meeting of the Group of Seven nations on Tuesday and could make an announcement then.
拜登将参加周二召开的七国集团的线上会谈，届时他可能会发表声明。
The Group of Seven nations is a group of those with the world's largest economies.
七国集团是由世界上最大的经济体组成的集团。
Reuters reported that the Taliban said foreign forces have not sought an extension and it would not be granted if they did.
据路透社报道，塔利班表示，外国军队没有寻求延期，即使他们这样做了，也不会得到批准。
White House officials said Monday they're in daily contact with the Taliban.
白宫官员周一表示，他们每天都与塔利班保持联系。
National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters that those talks concern, quote, "every aspect of what's happening in Kabul right now.
国家安全顾问杰克·沙利文告诉记者，这些谈话涉及“喀布尔目前正在发生的一切”。
Sullivan said about 16,000 people were flown out of Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul on Sunday and Monday.
沙利文说，在周日和周一，大约1.6万人从喀布尔的哈米德·卡尔扎伊国际机场起飞。
Concerning the deadline, Sullivan said the president is, quote, "taking this day by day and will make his determinations as we go."
关于最后期限，沙利文说，总统“每天都在处理这件事，我们会边行动边做决定。”
In an interview with Britain's Sky News, Taliban spokesman Suhail Shaheen said that (if) the U.S. extends the deadline, in his words, "that means they are extending occupation." He said such an action would, quote, "provoke a reaction."
塔利班发言人苏海尔·沙欣在接受英国“天空新闻”采访时说，如果美国延长最后期限，用他的话来说，“那就意味着他们在延长占领时间。”他说，这样的行动会“激起反抗”。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
