This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是大卫·伯德，为您远程报道。
The Pentagon says it is not ruling out coordination with the Taliban on any future counter-terrorism efforts in Afghanistan.
五角大楼表示，不排除与塔利班在未来的阿富汗反恐行动中合作的可能性。
AP's Sagar Meghani reports.
美联社萨加尔·梅格哈尼将带来报道。
Joint Chiefs Chairman Mark Milley thought against the Taliban.
参谋长联席会议主席马克·米利反对塔利班。
"This is a ruthless group from the past, and whether or not they change remains to be seen."
“这是一个过去残酷无情的组织，他们是否会改变还有待观察。”
But asked directly if the U.S. may have to work with the insurgents against Islamic State militants and others, "it's possible."
但当被直接问及美国是否会与叛乱分子合作打击伊斯兰国武装分子及其他人时，“这是可能的。”
Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin echoed Milley in calling a future relationship with the Taliban hard to predict.
国防部长劳埃德·奥斯汀赞同米利的说法，称未来与塔利班的关系很难预测。
Sagar Meghani, Washington.
萨加尔·梅格哈尼于华盛顿报道。
President Biden met with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky on Wednesday, who was in Washington seeking increased military aid and backing for his country's bid for NATO membership.
拜登总统星期三会见了乌克兰总统泽伦斯基，泽伦斯基正在华盛顿寻求增加军事援助，并支持乌克兰加入北约。
Biden said in the Oval Office his administration wants even stronger relations with Ukraine.
拜登在总统办公室表示，他的政府希望与乌克兰建立更牢固的关系。
"The United States remains firmly committed to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity in the face of Russian aggression and, and our support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations."
“面对俄罗斯的侵略，美国仍然坚定地致力于维护乌克兰的主权和领土完整，并支持乌克兰的欧洲-大西洋愿景。”
The meeting was aimed at showing support for Ukraine's sovereignty in the face of Russia's seizure of Crimea and backing of armed separatists in the east of Ukraine.
此次会议的目的是，在俄罗斯夺取克里米亚并支持乌克兰东部武装分裂分子的情况下，表示对乌克兰主权的支持。
The administration said in a notification to Congress that a new aid package for Ukraine was necessary because of a major increase in Russian military activity along its border and because of mortar attacks, cease-fire violations and other provocations.
美国政府在给国会的一份通知中表示，由于俄罗斯在乌克兰边境的军事活动大幅增加，以及迫击炮袭击、违反停火和其他挑衅行为，有必要向乌克兰提供新的援助方案。
A mixed day on Wall Street, with the Dow Jones Industrials losing 0.14 percent, the S&P gaining 0.03 percent and the NASDAQ adding 0.33 percent.
华尔街股市涨跌互现，道琼斯工业平均指数下跌0.14%，标准普尔指数上涨0.03%，纳斯达克指数上涨0.33%。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
