Colombian military and police have confirmed that they have captured Dairo Antonio usuga, known as Otoniel, Colombia's most sought after drug trafficker and leader of the Clan del Golfo.
哥伦比亚军方和警方证实，他们已经抓获了被称为Otoniel的Dairo Antonio usuga，他是哥伦比亚追捕的头号毒枭，也是del Golfo部落的领导人。
He was captured on Saturday during an operation carried out by the country's armed forces.
周六该国武装部队在一次行动将他被捕。
Colombia had offered a reward of about $800,000 for information concerning his whereabouts.
哥伦比亚悬赏约80万美元寻求有关他下落的信息。
Italy's right-wing former interior minister, Matteo Salvini, went on trial Saturday on charges of kidnapping for refusing in 2019 to allow a Spanish migrant rescue ship to dock in Sicily, keeping the people on board at sea for days.
意大利右翼前内政部长马泰奥·萨尔维尼周六出庭接受审判，他被指控犯有劫持罪，他在2019年拒绝让一艘西班牙移民救援船停靠西西里岛，致使船上的人在海上滞留数天。
It's the first trial to go ahead against Salvini for his actions preventing migrant landings while he served as interior minister in 2018 and 2019.
这是针对萨尔维尼在2018和2019年担任内政部长期间阻止移民入境的首次审判。
Salvini has insisted he was fulfilling his duty by refusing entry to the ship, which had 147 migrants aboard.
萨尔维尼坚称，他拒绝让这艘载有147名移民的船只入境是在履行自己的职责。
Prosecutors accuse Salvini of dereliction of duty and kidnapping for refusing to allow the ship into port for days in August of 2019.
检察官指控萨尔维尼犯有疏忽职守罪和劫持罪，因其在2019年8月的几天里拒绝让船只进入港口。
Some migrants were taken to land for humanitarian or health reasons.
出于人道主义或健康原因，有些移民被带到岸上。
The rest were eventually allowed to disembark on the island of Lampedusa.
其余的人最终在兰佩杜萨岛被允许上岸。
At least two people were dead after a bomb blast in the Ugandan capital of Kampala, according to a tweet by the Ugandan police political commissar on Saturday.
乌干达警方政治委员周六在推特上发布消息称，乌干达首都坎帕拉发生炸弹爆炸，造成至少两人死亡。
(The) cause of the blast was not immediately apparent and there was no immediate claim of responsibility.
爆炸的原因尚不清楚，目前也没有人声称对爆炸负责。
At least seven people were injured in the blast in Komamboga, a suburb in the northern outskirts of the capital, Kampala.
爆炸发生在首都坎帕拉北部郊区的Komamboga，至少7人受伤。
Bomb blasts in Uganda are rare.
乌干达很少发生炸弹爆炸事件。
Kampala suffered a major attack by Somalia's al-Shabab in 2010 that killed dozens of people.
2010年，坎帕拉遭到索马里青年党袭击，数十人死亡。
The group said it had attacked Uganda as a punishment for its deployment of troops in Somalia.
该组织称袭击乌干达是对其在索马里部署军队的惩罚。
