President Joe Biden says his administration is working to convince Russia not to invade Ukraine as tensions grow between the West and Vladimir Putin.
美国总统乔·拜登表示，随着西方和普京之间的紧张关系加剧，他的政府正在努力说服俄罗斯不要入侵乌克兰。
AP's Sagar Meghani reports.
美联社的萨加尔·梅格哈尼将带来报道。
Russian troops are massed near the Ukrainian border and keeps defense chief warns they could invade next month.
俄罗斯军队在乌克兰边境附近集结，国防部长警告称，他们可能会在下个月入侵。
President Biden says he's putting together a comprehensive set of initiatives "... to make it very, very difficult for Mr. Putin to go ahead and do what people are worried he may do."
拜登总统说，他正在拟定一套全面的计划，“……让普京先生很难去做人们担心他可能会做的事情。”
Russia wants a guarantee Ukraine will not be allowed to join NATO.
俄罗斯希望得到保证，即不允许乌克兰加入北约。
A Putin adviser says the two leaders will talk soon though Biden spokeswoman Jen Psaki only says a call is possible.
普京的一名顾问表示，两位领导人很快将进行会谈，但拜登的发言人珍·帕莎其只是表示有可能进行电话会谈。
"It certainly would be an opportunity to discuss our serious concerns about the bellicose rhetoric ...."
“这当然是一个好机会，可以探讨我们对那些好战言论的深切担忧....”
Sagar Meghani, Washington.
萨加尔·梅格哈尼于华盛顿报道。
Diplomats negotiating in Vienna to revive Iran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers have paused after five days of talks to consult with their governments and will reconvene next week.
为恢复2015年伊朗与世界大国达成的核协议的谈判在维也纳进行，外交官们在进行了5天的会谈后暂停谈判，以与本国政府进行磋商，并将于下周重启会议。
The European Union official chairing the meeting, Enrique Mora, said there had been some progress but further "convergence" was necessary.
主持此次会议的欧盟官员恩里克·莫拉表示，谈判已经取得了一些进展，但还需要进一步的“融合”。
"... we need a certain convergence of policy to start negotiations... bringing the security back to life, bringing the United States into full compliance to the agreement and bringing Iran back to its nuclear commitments.
“……我们需要达成某种政策上的一致才能开始谈判……让生活恢复安全状态，让美国全面遵守协议，让伊朗重新履行其核承诺。”
The so-called Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action has been effectively on life support since the United States pulled out under former President Donald Trump's "maximum pressure" campaign against Tehran in 2018.
2018年，在前总统唐纳德·特朗普针对德黑兰的“最大压力”行动下，美国退出该协议，自那以来，所谓的《联合全面行动计划》实际上处于名存实亡的状态。
