This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
The United States says it is "gravely concerned" by reports of human rights violations that Myanmar security forces have allegedly perpetrated in Chin State, including setting fire to and destroying over 100 residences and Christian churches.
美国表示“严重关切”有关缅甸安全部队据称在钦邦长期侵犯人权的报道，包括放火和摧毁100多处住宅和基督教教堂。
In a statement Sunday, the U.S. State Department said, "We condemn such brutal actions by the Burmese regime against people, their homes, and places of worship, which lays bare the regime's complete disregard for the lives and welfare of the people of Burma."
美国国务院星期天在一份声明中表示，“我们谴责缅甸政权对人民、他们的家园和礼拜场所实施的这种残暴行径，这暴露了缅甸政权完全无视缅甸人民的生命和福祉。”
Burma is another name for Myanmar.
Burma是缅甸的另一个名字。
The statement calls for an end to the violence.
该声明呼吁结束暴力。
The nation has been in turmoil since a February 1 coup led by military chief Min Aung Hlaing that ended a decade of tentative democracy.
2月1日军事领导人敏昂莱领导的政变结束了缅甸10年来逐步向民主过渡的进程，自那以来，缅甸一直处于动荡之中。
The return of military rule has prompted outrage at home and abroad.
军事统治的回归在国内外引起了公愤。
North Macedonia's prime minister has announced his resignation following the heavy defeat in local elections of his governing party, the Social Democratic Union.
北马其顿总理宣布辞职，此前他所在的执政党社会民主联盟在地方选举中惨败。
Official results were not yet in, but Zoran Zaev conceded defeat late on Sunday.
官方结果尚未公布，但佐兰·扎埃夫在周日晚些时候承认了败选。
His concession included the important contest for the mayor of the national capital city, Skopje, where the Social Democrat incumbent lost to a center-right challenger.
他的败选包括，在重要的首都斯科普里市长竞选中，这位社会民主联盟现任败给了一位中右翼挑战者。
Zaev says he opposes calling early national elections and will instead support a Social Democrat-led government under a new leader.
扎埃夫说，他反对提前举行全国大选，相反，他将支持由新领导人领导的社会民主党政府。
And a volcano on the Spanish island of La Palma that has been erupting for six weeks has spewed more ash from its main mouth, a day after producing its strongest earthquake to date.
西班牙拉帕尔马岛上的一座火山已经喷发了六周，在迄今为止最强烈的地震发生一天后，其主火山口喷发出了更多的火山灰。
The Spanish Geographic Institute said the ash column above the volcano has reached an altitude of four and a half kilometers.
西班牙地理研究所表示，火山上方的火山灰柱已经达到了4.5公里的高度。
You're listening to VOA News.
您正在收听的是美国之音新闻。
