A day after questioned elections, Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega's government has set about painting a historic democratic victory what many of the world's democracies condemned as a sham.
在备受争议的选举举行一天后，尼加拉瓜总统丹尼尔·奥尔特加的政府开始描绘一场历史性的民主胜利，世界上许多民主国家谴责这是一场骗局。
Nicaraguan Supreme Electoral Council said that with nearly all the ballots counted, Ortega had won more than 75 percent of the vote.
尼加拉瓜最高选举委员会表示，所有选票几乎都已清点完毕，奥尔特加赢得了超过75%的选票。
The outcome was never in doubt after his government jailed seven of the leading potential opposition candidates, clearing the field for Ortega to sweep to a fourth consecutive term.
选举结果没有悬念，此前奥尔特加的政府监禁了7名主要的潜在反对派候选人，为奥尔特加第四次连任扫清了障碍。
With all government institutions firmly within Ortega's grasp and the opposition jailed or in hiding, Ortega eroded what hope remained the country could soon return to a democratic path.
由于所有政府机构都被牢牢掌握在奥尔特加手中，并且反对派要么被监禁，要么躲藏起来，奥尔特加侵蚀了该国尽快回到民主道路上的残存的希望。
The United States' special representative for Afghanistan began his first trip to Europe and Asia on Monday.
美国阿富汗问题特别代表星期一开始了他对欧洲和亚洲的首次访问。
The trip is to discuss developments in the South Asian nation, where almost 23 million people, including children, are threatened with starvation.
此行是为了讨论这个南亚国家的事态发展，该国包括儿童在内的近2300万人面临饥饿的威胁。
Ambassador Thomas West's first stop will be Brussels where his discussions with allies and partners will focus on the way forward on Afghanistan.
托马斯·韦斯特大使的第一站将是布鲁塞尔，他将在那里与盟友及合作伙伴讨论阿富汗问题的前进方向。
The panel investigating the U.S. Capitol insurrection has issued subpoenas to six more associates of former President Donald Trump.
调查美国国会大厦暴动的小组向前总统唐纳德·特朗普的另外六名助手发出了传票。
They are believed to have been involved in the former president's bid to overturn his 2020 election loss.
他们被认为参与了前总统为扭转其2020年选举失败结果所作的努力。
AP Washington correspondent Sagar Meghani reports.
美联社华盛顿记者萨加尔·梅格哈尼报道。
The subpoenas escalate the committee's probe into the attack's origins.
这些传票使委员会对袭击起因的调查逐步加强。
The chairman, Bennie Thompson, is demanding testimony and documents from those he says took part in the so-called "war room" before the siege and plotted ways of stopping the election certification.
主席本尼·汤普森要求那些他所说的在围困发生前参与所谓“作战室”并策划阻止选举结果认证的人提供证词和文件。
They include former Trump election campaign chief Bill Stepien and former national security adviser Mike Flynn.
这些人包括前特朗普竞选团队负责人比尔·斯特宾和前国家安全顾问迈克·弗林。
He talked with Trump before the insurrection.
他在暴乱前与特朗普进行了交谈。
The panel's already spoken with more than 150 people in the probe and is working to get testimony from other Trump advisers.
该小组已经与150多名参与调查的人进行了交谈，并正在努力从特朗普的其他顾问那里获取证词。
Sagar Meghani, Washington.
萨加尔·梅格哈尼于华盛顿报道。
