Rising inflation in the U.S. may be putting the brakes on Democrats' efforts to push President Biden's signature package of climate and social spending measures through Congress before the end of the year even though it's not clear the measures would add to rising prices.
美国不断上升的通胀可能会阻碍民主党人的努力，即推动拜登总统标志性的气候和社会支出方案于年底前在国会通过，尽管目前尚不清楚这些措施是否会加剧物价上涨。
House Democrats are pushing for a vote on the package, known as the Build Back Better Act, in an effort to move it forward in advance of the Thanksgiving recess next week.
众议院民主党人正在推动对这项被称为“重建更好法案”的计划进行投票，以便在下个星期感恩节休会前推动该法案的实施。
The U.S. Department of the Interior and 16 other federal agencies committed Monday to honoring Native American tribal rights throughout government policy-making and regulatory actions.
美国内政部和其他16个联邦机构星期一承诺，在政府的政策制定和监管行动中尊重美洲原住民部落的权利。
President Biden made the announcement at a White House Tribal Nations Summit.
拜登总统在白宫部落国家峰会上宣布了这一消息。
Belarus appeared to be moving to de-escalate a long-running standoff with Poland and the European Union.
白俄罗斯似乎正在采取行动缓和与波兰和欧盟的长期对峙。
Belarusian leader Alexander Lukashenko said he is preparing to start repatriating around 4,000 asylum-seekers camped out in freezing temperatures at the border with Poland.
白俄罗斯领导人亚历山大·卢卡申科表示，他准备开始遣返大约4000名难民。这些难民于严寒中露宿在白俄罗斯与波兰的边境。
Lukashenko was quoted by state news agency Belta saying, "Active work is underway in the area, to convince people to please, return home."
国家通讯社贝尔塔援引卢卡申科的话说，“该地区正在积极开展工作，以说服人们请求他们回家。”
Poland as well as Lithuania and Latvia have been militarizing their borders with Belarus to try to stop record numbers of migrants from attempting to cross their borders.
波兰、立陶宛和拉脱维亚一直在军事化它们与白俄罗斯的边境，试图阻止创纪录数量的移民的越境企图。
The countries accuse Lukashenko of weaponizing human desperation by using asylum-seekers as pawns in reprisal for the EU's imposing sanctions on Belarus for last year's disputed elections.
这些国家指责卢卡申科利用寻求庇护者作为棋子，将人类的绝望化为武器，以报复欧盟，欧盟曾因去年有争议的选举对白俄罗斯实施制裁。
Via remote, I'm Liz Parker, VOA News.
我是莉兹·帕克，为您远程报道，美国之音新闻。
