This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
A notorious Haitian gang known for brazen kidnappings and killings has been accused by police of abducting 17 missionaries from a U.S.-based organization.
一个臭名昭著的海地团伙以公然绑架和杀戮而闻名，警方指控他们绑架了来自美国组织的17名传教士。
Five children were believed to be among those kidnapped.
据信被绑架的人中有五名儿童。
Haitian police said Sunday that the 400 Mawozo gang kidnapped the group in Ganthier.
海地警方周日表示，名为400 Mawozo的团伙在Ganthier绑架了该组织。
It's a commune (that) lies east of the capital of Port-au-Prince.
这是位于首都太子港以东的一个小行政区。
Ohio-based Christian Aid Ministries says the kidnapped group consisted of 16 U.S. citizens and one Canadian.
总部设在俄亥俄州的基督教援助组织说，被绑架的人中有16名美国公民和1名加拿大人。
The organization said the group was on a trip to visit an orphanage when they were captured.
该组织表示，他们在前往参观一家孤儿院的途中被绑架。
Haiti is once again struggling with a spike in gang-related kidnappings that had diminished in recent months after President Jovenel Moise was fatally shot at his private residence on July 7 and a 7.2-magnitude earthquake killed more than 2,200 people in August.
7月7日，海地总统莫伊兹在其私人住所被枪杀，8月份海地发生7.2级地震，造成2200多人死亡。此后的近几个月内，绑架事件有所减少，而现在海地再次面临着与帮派有关的绑架事件激增的问题。
Thousands of children returned to Sydney's schools on Monday after nearly four months away as Australia's largest city eased more restrictions just a week after lifting its COVID-19 lockdown.
周一，数千名学生在停课近四个月后回到了悉尼的学校，这座澳大利亚最大的城市在解除新冠封锁仅一周后就放松了更多限制。
New South Wales topped the 80 percent immunization rate over the weekend.
经过这个周末，新南威尔士州的疫苗接种率超过了80%。
Authorities had pledged to begin easing curbs as the rates reach their targets.
当局曾承诺，当接种率达到目标时，将开始放宽限制。
Meanwhile, the five million residents of Melbourne have been enduring an extended lockdown since August the 5th.
与此同时，自8月5日以来，墨尔本的500万居民一直处于长期封锁状态。
They've already spent around nine months under strict stay-at-home restrictions since March, 2020.
自2020年3月以来，他们已经在严格的居家限制下度过了大约9个月的时间。
And former Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai said the current Taliban government in Afghanistan needs internal legitimacy in order for it to gain international recognition.
阿富汗前总统哈米德·卡尔扎伊说，阿富汗目前的塔利班政府需要内部合法性，这样它才能获得国际承认。
He spoke to VOA on Saturday.
他在周六接受了美国之音的采访。
This is VOA News.
美国之音新闻。
