Police fired tear gas in Burkina Faso's capital Saturday during a demonstration against the government's failure to stop a wave of violence by Islamist militants.
星期六，示威活动在布基纳法索首都举行，抗议政府未能阻止伊斯兰激进分子的暴力浪潮，警方在示威活动期间发射了催泪瓦斯。
Reuters Lucy Fielder reports.
路透社露西·菲尔德报道。
Military police launched tear gas canisters to disperse about 100 protesters who were trying to march towards downtown Ouagadougou on Saturday.
周六，武警发射催泪瓦斯驱散约100名试图向瓦加杜古市中心行进的抗议者。
Protesters erected barricades and burned tires and trash cans.
抗议者们竖起路障，焚烧轮胎和垃圾桶。
Valentin Yamkoudougou is spokesman for the Free Burkina Faso Movement.
Valentin Yamkoudougou是自由布基纳法索运动的发言人。
"Since he is in power, terrorists have spread desolation in this country and he is incapable of finding a solution to this problem.
他说：“自从他掌权以来，恐怖分子四处破坏使这个国家变得满目疮痍，而他却无法找到解决这个问题的办法。
So we ask for his immediate resignation today and now, as long as he doesn't resign, we won't go home."
所以我们今天要求他立即辞职，只要他不辞职，我们就不回家。”
Opponents of President Roch Kabore called for renewed protests in response to a recent surge of attacks in the West African country, including one by al Qaeda-linked militants two weeks ago that killed 49 military police officers and four civilians.
总统罗赫·卡博尔的反对者呼吁重新举行抗议活动，以回应这个西非国家最近激增的袭击事件，其中包括两周前与基地组织有关联的激进分子发动的袭击，造成49名武警和4名平民死亡。
That's Reuters Lucy Fielder.
以上是路透社露西·菲尔尔德带来的报道。
At least two people were killed and 18 injured in western Niger on Saturday when protesters clashed with a French military convoy they blocked after it crossed the border from Burkina Faso.
周六，在尼日尔西部，抗议者与法国军队车队发生冲突，至少两人死亡，18人受伤。法国军队车队在从布基纳法索越过边境后被抗议者拦截。
The armored vehicles and logistics trucks had crossed the border Friday after being blocked in Burkina Faso for a week.
装甲车和后勤卡车在布基纳法索被封锁一周后，于周五越过边境。
French military spokesman Colonel Pascal Ianni told Reuters news agency that French soldiers and Nigerian military police had fired warning shots to disperse protesters who were trying to pillage and seize the trucks but said he could not confirm or deny the reported casualties.
法国军方发言人帕斯卡尔·伊尼上校告诉路透社，法国士兵和尼日利亚武警已经鸣枪警告，以驱散试图抢劫和夺取卡车的抗议者，但他说，他无法证实或否认有关伤亡的报道。
A court in Siberia on Saturday remanded five people in custody for two months to face charges related to a mining accident that killed more than 50 people this week.
周六，西伯利亚一家法院将被拘留的五人取保候审两个月，以面临与本周造成50多人死亡的矿难有关的指控。
Three managers of the Listvyazhnaya mine, including its director, were ordered to remain in custody until late January for flouting industrial safety standards.
由于违反工业安全标准，Listvyazhnaya煤矿的三名经理，包括其主管，被下令拘留到一月底。
TASS news agency quoted Russia's Health Ministry as saying Saturday that 60 people were being treated in hospitals for injuries sustained in the accident.
塔斯社周六援引俄罗斯卫生部的话说，有60人在事故中受伤，他们目前正在医院接受治疗。
