This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Liz Parker.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是莉兹·帕克。
The U.S. state of Kentucky's governor says the death toll from this weekend's tornadoes continue to rise.
美国肯塔基州州长表示，本周末的龙卷风造成的死亡人数持续上升。
At least 74 people were killed in the state during a devastating cluster of tornadoes.
该州至少有74人在这场毁灭性的龙卷风中丧生。
At least 14 people are dead in four other states: Illinois, Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri.
另外四个州至少有14人死亡：伊利诺伊州、田纳西州、阿肯色州和密苏里州。
Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear told reporters Monday that it could take days to tally the final death toll because of the sheer devastation.
肯塔基州州长安迪·贝希尔星期一告诉记者，由于破坏严重，最终的死亡人数可能需要几天时间才能统计出来。
President Biden is pledging his administration will do whatever is needed to help the states ravaged by these tornadoes.
拜登总统承诺，政府将采取一切必要措施帮助遭受龙卷风袭击的各州。
AP Washington correspondent Sagar Meghani reports.
美联社驻华盛顿记者萨加尔·梅格哈尼报道。
In the Oval Office, the president pointed to a map of Kentucky's hardest-hit areas.
在总统办公室里，总统指着一张肯塔基州受灾最严重地区的地图。
"The devastation is just stunning."
“破坏程度令人震惊。”
He'll see for himself Wednesday with a visit to Kentucky.
星期三他将亲自去肯塔基州视察
He's already signed emergency declarations for the state and says the message is clear to other states hit by storms.
。他已经签署了该州的紧急状态声明，并表示已向其他遭受风暴袭击的州清楚传达了这一信息。
"...whatever they need when they need it."
“……任何他们需要的东西，在任何他们需要的时候。”
Besides lives lost and property damaged, the president says he worries about the emotional toll on survivors.
除了生命和财产损失，总统说他担心幸存者的精神损失。
"...the peace of mind of people being able to actually put their head on a pillow, lie down in a bed, and be able to know their kids are gonna be okay."
“……那种内心的安宁，人们可以把头枕在枕头上，躺在床上，知道自己的孩子不会有事。”
Sagar Meghani, at the White House.
萨加尔·梅格哈尼于白宫。
The leader of U.K.'s opposition Labour Party on Monday added his voice to the government in urging people to get their coronavirus booster jabs.
英国反对党工党领袖周一加入了政府的行列，敦促人们接种新冠病毒疫苗。
Keir Starmer also confirmed his party would support in a vote in parliament the return of some rules and restrictions for England.
基尔·斯塔默还证实，工党将在议会投票中支持恢复对英格兰的一些规则和限制。
The rules fall under the government term Plan B, which brings in mandatory mask-wearing in public spaces and transport.
这些规定属于政府的B计划，该计划规定在公共场所和乘坐公共交通时必须佩戴口罩。
His announcement came after a similar address by the prime minister.
在他宣布这一消息之前，首相也发表了类似的讲话。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
