Officials in Peru say 32 passengers died, including two children, and more than 20 were injured when a bus plummeted from a cliff early Tuesday.
秘鲁官员称，周二早些时候一辆公交车从悬崖上坠落，造成包括两名儿童在内的32名乘客死亡，另有20多人受伤。
The accident happened some 37 miles, or 60 kilometers, east of the capital Lima.
事故发生在首都利马以东约37英里(60公里)处。
There had been 63 passengers on the bus.
车上有63名乘客。
The local police commander told TV Peru, quote, "recklessness" contributed to Tuesday's accident, adding that the bus had been travelling "at high speed."
当地警察指挥官告诉秘鲁电视台，用他的话说，“鲁莽”导致了周二的事故，并补充说，公交车一直在“高速”行驶。
It hit a rock and plunged into an abyss some 650 feet deep, according to survivors.
据幸存者说，车撞上了一块岩石，坠入大约650英尺深的深渊。
Venezuelan opposition parties announced Tuesday they will participate in regional and municipal elections scheduled for November, reversing ground from their previous boycotts of recent balloting.
委内瑞拉反对党星期二宣布，他们将参加定于11月举行的地区和市政选举，扭转了他们此前抵制最近投票的立场。
The announcement comes days before the opposition and the government of President Nicolás Maduro are expected to meet in Mexico City to continue negotiations on finding a common path out of Venezuela's political standoff.
宣布这一消息的几天后，反对派和总统尼古拉斯·马杜罗的政府预计将在墨西哥城会面，继续就寻找走出委内瑞拉政治僵局的共同道路进行谈判。
The regional and municipal elections are scheduled for November 21st.
地区和市政选举定于11月21日举行。
The opposition parties grouped in the so-called "Unitary Platform" and led by Juan Guaidó boycotted previous elections, including the re-election of Maduro as president in 2018, arguing that Venezuela lacks the conditions for free and fair elections.
由胡安·瓜伊多领导的反对党联合在所谓的“单一纲领”中抵制之前的选举，包括2018年马杜罗连任总统，他们认为委内瑞拉缺乏自由和公正选举的条件。
The U.S. aid agency said Tuesday rebels in Ethiopia's war-torn Tigray region have been looting aid warehouses, calling the alleged thefts, quote, "a great concern for humanitarians."
美国救援机构星期二说，在埃塞俄比亚饱受战争蹂躏的提格雷地区，反政府武装一直在抢劫救援物资仓库，并称所谓的盗窃事件是“人道主义人士的极大担忧”。
Sean Jones, head of the USAID mission in Ethiopia, told state television EBC, quote, "We know for a fact that the TPLF, Tigray People's Liberation Front, every town they've gone into they looted the warehouses, they've looted trucks, they've caused a great deal of destruction in all the villages they visited."
美国国际开发署驻埃塞俄比亚任务负责人肖恩·琼斯告诉埃塞俄比亚国家电视台EBC说，“我们知道，TPLF，也就是提格雷人民解放阵线，他们洗劫每一个所到城镇的仓库，抢劫卡车，他们给他们到过的所有村庄造成了巨大的破坏。”
