A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.1 on the Richter scale jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas late Thursday, stopping train lines and causing sporadic power cuts, but there were no reports of major damage.
周四晚间，东京及周边地区发生初步震级为里氏6.1级的强烈地震，导致铁路停运，并造成零星的停电现象，但目前尚无重大损失报告。
The quake had an epicenter in Chiba prefecture to the east of the capital city Tokyo.
这次地震的震中位于首都东京以东的千叶县。
Earthquakes are common in Japan, one of the world's most seismically active areas.
日本是世界上地震最活跃的地区之一，地震在日本很常见。
The country accounts for about 20 percent of the world's temblors of magnitude 6 or greater.
世界上大约20%的6级或以上强度地震发生在日本。
Former President Donald Trump plans to invoke executive privilege in the House investigation of the January 6th Capitol riot.
前总统唐纳德·特朗普计划在众议院对1月6日国会骚乱的调查中调用行政特权。
AP's Ed Donahue reports.
美联社埃德·多纳休带来报道。
A person who has seen it tells the AP a letter sent by lawyers for the former president says he plans to invoke privileges meant to protect presidential communications from being shared with Congress.
一位看过这封信的人告诉美联社，前总统的律师寄来一封信，信中说，他计划动用特权来保护总统的通讯信息不被用与国会共享。
It could prevent testimony from onetime aides.
这可能会阻止曾经的助手作证。
House Democrats are looking into the roles of Donald Trump and his allies leading up to the riot.
众议院民主党人正在调查唐纳德·特朗普及其盟友在骚乱中扮演的角色。
Because Trump no longer is in office, he cannot directly assert privilege to keep witnesses quiet or documents out of the hands of Congress.
因为特朗普已不再执政，他不能直接动用特权让证人保持沉默或者不让国会取得文件。
Ali Alexander and Nathan Martin have been subpoenaed.
阿里·亚历山大和内森·马丁已被传唤。
Alexander claims lawmakers helped him plan the rally held before the riot.
亚历山大声称，议员帮助他策划了暴乱前举行的集会。
Ed Donahue, Washington.
埃德·多纳休，于华盛顿。
British-based Tanzanian writer Abdul Razak Gruna, whose experience of crossing continents and cultures has fed his novels about the impact of migration on individuals and societies, won the Nobel Prize for Literature on Thursday.
周四，居住在英国的坦桑尼亚作家阿卜杜勒·拉扎克·格鲁纳获得了诺贝尔文学奖。他跨越洲际与文化的经历为他关于移民对个人和社会的影响的小说提供了素材。
The Swedish Academy said the award was in recognition of Gruna's uncompromising and compassionate penetration of the effects of colonialism and the fate of the refugee.
瑞典学院表示，该奖项是对格鲁纳对殖民主义影响和难民命运的毫不妥协且富有同情心的洞察力的认可。
Gruna, who recently retired as a professor of postcolonial literatures at the University of Kent, got the call from the Swedish Academy in the kitchen of his home in southeast England and initially thought it was a prank.
格鲁纳是肯特大学后殖民文学教授，最近刚退休。他在英格兰东南部家中的厨房里接到瑞典学院的电话，起初他以为这是一个恶作剧。
