This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
Poland reinforced its border with Belarus with more riot police on Tuesday, a day after groups of migrants tried to storm through a razor-wire fence on the eastern frontier where thousands have camped on the Belarusian side in the tense standoff.
周二，波兰增派了更多防暴警察巩固其与白俄罗斯的边境。此前一天，成群的移民试图闯过东部边境的铁丝网围栏，在紧张的对峙中，数千人在那里的白俄罗斯一侧扎营聚集。
The European Union accuses Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko of using the migrants as pawns in a so-called "hybrid attack" against the bloc in retaliation for imposing sanctions on the authoritarian government for a brutal crackdown on dissent.
欧盟指责白俄罗斯总统亚历山大·卢卡申科利用这些移民作为棋子，发动针对欧盟的所谓“混合攻击”以报复欧盟，欧盟此前因白俄罗斯政府残酷镇压异见人士对其实施制裁。
Thousands were jailed and beaten following months of protests after Lukashenko won a sixth term in a 2020 election that the opposition and the West saw as rigged.
卢卡申科在2020年的选举中赢得了第六次任期，在随后持续数月的抗议活动中，数千人遭到监禁和殴打，反对派和西方国家认为这次选举受到了操纵。
A Polish military official estimated on Tuesday 3,000 to 4,000 migrants were along the border, including about 800 near the makeshift camps.
一名波兰军方官员周二估计，边境沿线有3000至4000名移民，其中大约800人在临时营地附近。
The administration of U.S. President Joe Biden is expressing strong opposition to re-engaging with Syria's Bashar Assad after the foreign minister of the United Arab Emirates met with Syria's once widely shunned president in Damascus on Tuesday.
美国总统乔·拜登领导的政府强烈反对与叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德重新接触。此前，阿联酋外长星期二在大马士革会见了一度遭到广泛回避的叙利亚总统阿萨德。
The visit is the first by an Emirati foreign minister since Syria's civil war erupted in 2011.
这是自2011年叙利亚内战爆发以来，阿联酋外长首次访问叙利亚。
It comes as some Arab countries are improving ties with Syria.
与此同时，一些阿拉伯国家正在改善与叙利亚的关系。
U.S. State Department spokesman Ned Price said, quote, we will not normalize or upgrade our diplomatic relations with the Assad regime, nor do we support other countries normalizing or upgrading their relations given the atrocities that the regime has inflicted on its own people."
美国国务院发言人内德·普莱斯表示，我们不会与阿萨德政权实现外交关系正常化或升级，我们也不支持其他国家与其实现关系正常化或升级，因为阿萨德政权对本国人民施加了暴行。”
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
