Czech President Milos Zeman has been hospitalized for a week with no word to his constituents about what's wrong with him.
捷克总统米洛什·泽曼已住院一周，但没有向选民们透露他的病情。
Zeman was taken into intensive care on October 10.
泽曼于10月10日被送进了重症监护室。
No diagnosis has been provided.
还未提供诊断结果。
His doctors have not said how long he will need to recover.
他的医生还未说明他需要多久才能康复。
The president's silence is all the more worrying because the Czech Republic has just held an election and it is the president's duty to appoint the next prime minister.
总统的沉默更加令人担忧，因为捷克共和国刚刚举行了选举，总统有责任任命下一任总理。
(A) president spokesman said Zeman has been in communication and following developments in the country.
总统发言人说，泽曼一直在沟通之中并关注着该国的事态发展。
He said being in the hospital has not gotten in the way of the president's constitutional duties.
他说，住院并没有妨碍总统履行宪法职责。
NASA launched a first-of-its kind mission on Saturday to study Jupiter's Trojan asteroids, two large clusters of space rocks that scientists believe are remnants of primordial material that formed the solar system's outer planets.
美国国家航空航天局周六启动了一项史无前例的任务，对木星的特洛伊小行星进行研究。木星特洛伊小行星是由两大群太空岩石组成的，科学家们认为它们是形成太阳系外行星的原始物质的残留物。
The space probe dubbed Lucy and packed inside a special cargo capsule lifted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
名为“露西”的太空探测器装载在一个特殊的货舱里，从佛罗里达州的卡纳维拉尔角空军基地发射升空。
And South Korea plans to test its first domestically produced space launch vehicle next week.
韩国计划下周测试其首个国产太空运载火箭。
That's a major step toward jump-starting the country's space program and achieving ambitious goals in 6G networks, spy satellites and even lunar probes.
这是该国启动太空计划迈出的重要一步，也是实现6G网络、间谍卫星甚至月球探测器方面宏伟目标的重要一步。
If all goes well, the three-stage rocket designed by the Korea Aerospace Research Institute will carry a dummy satellite into space on Thursday.
如果一切顺利，韩国航空宇宙研究院设计的3级火箭将于周四搭载模拟卫星进入太空。
The man who killed five people with a bow and arrow and other weapons in Norway on Wednesday was probably suffering from mental illness, according to police.
据警方称，周三在挪威用弓箭和其他武器杀死5人的男子可能患有精神疾病。
The attacker went on a half-hour rampage in the southern town of Kongsberg on Wednesday, assaulting people in the streets and forcing his way into houses and into one supermarket.
周三，这名袭击者在南部城市康斯伯格横冲直撞半小时，袭击了街上的人，并强行闯入民宅和一家超市。
Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati said the government is keen not to interfere in any file related to the judiciary, this according to a statement from his office on Saturday.
据黎巴嫩总理纳吉布·米卡提办公室周六发表的一份声明称，政府不愿意干涉任何与司法有关的卷宗。
The statement came following a meeting with the justice minister and the head of the higher judicial council after seven people were killed in violence in Beirut on Thursday.
该声明是在与司法部长和高级司法委员会负责人会晤后发表的，此前有7人于周四发生在贝鲁特的暴力事件中丧生。
