Hondurans voted on Sunday for a successor to deeply unpopular President Juan Orlando Hernandez in elections that could oust his National Party after 12 years in power.
周日，洪都拉斯人民投票选出极不受欢迎的总统胡安·奥兰多·埃尔南德斯的继任者，这场选举可能会令他所在的执政12年的国家党下台。
The candidate most likely to do this is Xiomara Castro of the leftist Liberty and Re-foundation party.
最有可能当选的候选人是左翼自由与重建党的希尔玛拉·卡斯特罗。
The former first lady is making her third bid for the presidency and is the only one of 13 opposition candidates with a chance to beat Hernandez's handpicked successor, Nasry Asfura, a Tegucigalpa mayor.
这位前第一夫人第三次参加总统竞选，她是13名反对派候选人中唯一有机会击败纳斯里·阿斯弗拉的人，特古西加尔巴市长纳斯里·阿斯弗拉是埃尔南德精心挑选的继任者。
Such is the level of mistrust among Hondurans in the electoral process that many fear there could be disturbances in the streets no matter who wins.
洪都拉斯人对选举过程的不信任程度如此之高，以至于许多人担心，无论谁获胜，街头都有可能发生骚乱。
The AP reports at least one polling site in the capital's El Bosque neighborhood opened more than an hour later on Sunday.
美联社报道说，星期天，首都的埃尔博斯克社区至少有一个投票站晚一个多小时才开放。
However, voting appeared orderly.
不过，投票似乎进行得有条不紊。
The Kremlin said Sunday it was hoping that U.S. President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin would speak via video link before the end of the year.
克里姆林宫周日表示，希望美国总统乔·拜登和俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京能在年底前进行视频通话。
Russia's RIA news agency quoted Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as making the statement, adding "There's no exact date."
俄罗斯俄新社援引克里姆林宫发言人德米特里·佩斯科夫的话发表了这一声明，并补充说“尚未确定日期”。
His comments come as tensions are high over what the West says are unusual Russian troop movements close to Ukraine.
在他发表此番言论之际，西方称俄罗斯军队在乌克兰附近进行了不寻常的军事行动，这导致局势高度紧张。
Some Russian sources have suggested they are a part of a Russian push to secure and frame the terms of another summit with President Biden.
一些俄罗斯消息人士表示，这是俄罗斯推动与拜登总统举行另一次峰会并制定相关条件的一部分努力。
The U.S. president said on Friday that he would "in all probability" speak with President Putin and Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky.
美国总统周五表示，他“很有可能”与总统普京和乌克兰总统泽伦斯基进行交谈。
Virgil Abloh, fashion's highest profile Black designer and the creative mind behind Louis Vuitton's menswear collection, died on Sunday of cancer, that according to the owner LVMH of the Louis Vuitton brand.
维吉尔·阿布洛是时尚界最知名的黑人设计师，也是路易威登男装系列幕后的创意设计师。据路易威登品牌的所有者路威酩轩集团透露，他于周日因癌症去世。
The French luxury goods giant said Abloh, who was 41, had been battling cancer privately for years.
这家法国奢侈品巨头表示，现年41岁的阿布洛多年来一直在私下与癌症作斗争。
