Verdicts in the most recent trial of ousted Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi was delayed to December 27.
被罢黜的缅甸领导人昂山素季最近一次审判的裁决被推迟至12月27日。
That's according to a legal official familiar with charges against her on Monday.
这是一位熟悉她所受指控的法律官员周一提供的说法。
The court located in Naypyidaw was slated to rule on charges of possession of walkie-talkies and a set of signal jammers.
位于内比都的这家法院原定将对持有对讲机和一套信号干扰器的指控作出裁决。
Suu Kyi face maximum penalties of three years and one year in prison on each of these charges respectively.
昂山素季面临着最高三年的监禁，她在每项指控上分别面临一年监禁的处罚。
The presiding judge, however, decided to defer the verdicts.
不过，首席法官决定推迟判决。
The source for this information who spoke to news agencies on condition of anonymity out of fear of punishment by authorities said the judge did not offer a reason.
由于担心受到当局的惩罚，向新闻机构透露该信息的消息人士要求匿名，他说，法官没有说明理由。
Following the February 1st coup against Suu Kyi's democratically-elected government, Myanmar's military seized control of the country, rather, and arrested her.
在2月1日推翻昂山素季民选政府的政变发生后，缅甸军方夺取了对这个国家控制权，并逮捕了昂山素季。
An Egyptian activist and prominent figure in the 2011 Arab Spring is headed back to prison after being sentenced to five years Monday on charges of spreading fake news.
周一，一名埃及活动人士——2011年“阿拉伯之春”运动中的知名人物——再次入狱，他因散布假新闻的罪名被判处5年监禁。
His defense lawyer made the statement Monday.
他的辩护律师周一发表了上述声明。
Alaa Abdel-Fattah was released in 2019 after being sentenced in 2014 for participating in an unauthorized protest and allegedly assaulting a police officer.
阿拉·阿卜杜勒-法塔赫在2014年因参与未经授权的抗议活动并涉嫌袭警而被判刑后，于2019年获释。
Shortly after his release, however, he was rearrested following a government crackdown for allegedly spreading fake news, misuse of social media and joining the Muslim Brotherhood, which was declared a terrorist organization in 2013.
然而，在获释后不久，他又因涉嫌散布假新闻、滥用社交媒体和加入穆斯林兄弟会（于2013年被宣布为恐怖组织）——而再次被捕。
Also sentenced to four years each were Abdel-Fattah's former lawyer and a fellow activist.
阿卜杜勒-法塔赫的前律师和一名活动人士也分别被判处四年监禁。
A group of American and Canadian missionaries in Haiti abducted in October are finally safe after a daring escape last week, according to the aid group for which they work.
去年10月在海地被绑架的一群美国和加拿大传教士上周冒险逃脱，据他们为之工作的援助组织称，他们终于安全了。
The 12 escapees were among 17 abducted on October 16 after visiting an orphanage in Haiti.
这12名成功逃脱的传教士是10月16日在参观海地一家孤儿院后被绑架的17人中的一部分。
Via remote, I'm Liz Parker, VOA News.
利兹·帕克为您远程报道，美国之音新闻。
