A massive tow truck worked Saturday to remove the remains of a burned-out oil tanker that exploded in a giant fireball overnight near the capital of Sierra Leone.
周六，一辆大型拖车正在清理一辆被烧毁的油罐车残骸，这辆油罐车夜间在塞拉利昂首都附近爆炸，形成了一个巨大的火球。
Reuters David Doyle has more.
路透社大卫·多伊尔带来报道。
Deputy Health Minister Amara Jambai said the death toll currently stands at 99 with more than 100 people being treated in hospitals and clinics across the capital, Freetown.
卫生部副部长Amara Jambai说，目前死亡人数为99人，还有100多人在首都弗里敦的医院和诊所接受治疗。
In a video from the scene shared online, the head of the National Disaster Management Agency, Brima Bureh Sisay, said "We've got so many casualties, burnt corpses," adding "It's a terrible, terrible accident."
在网络上分享的一段现场视频中，国家灾难管理局局长布里玛·布雷·西赛说，“我们这里有如此多的伤亡人员和烧焦的尸体，”他还说，“这是一场非常非常可怕的事故。”
Freetown's mayor said the extent of the damage from Friday's explosion was not yet known, adding that police and her deputy were at the scene to assist disaster management officials.
弗里敦市长表示，周五爆炸造成的破坏程度尚不清楚，并补充说，警方和她的副手正在现场协助灾害管理官员。
That's Reuters David Doyle.
以上是路透社大卫·多伊尔带来的报道。
Tens of thousands of climate activists marched through Glasgow, Scotland, for a second day of protests outside the U.N. climate summit Saturday.
星期六，成千上万的气候活动人士在苏格兰格拉斯哥游行，在联合国气候峰会外进行第二天的抗议活动。
Protests were also held in other cities across Europe, including London, Amsterdam, Paris, Dublin, Copenhagen, Zurich and Istanbul.
欧洲其他城市也举行了抗议活动，包括伦敦、阿姆斯特丹、巴黎、都柏林、哥本哈根、苏黎世和伊斯坦布尔。
Activists are demanding that governments move faster to cut pollution from coal and petroleum that is damaging the climate and warming the Earth.
活动人士要求各国政府加快行动，减少煤炭和石油造成的污染，这些污染正在破坏气候，造成地球变暖。
Marchers held signs with messages that included "Code Red for Humanity" and "Stop big polluters."
游行者举着标语，上面写着“人类红色警戒”和“制止大污染源”。
Negotiators inside the conference venue were in a seventh day of talks on Saturday and start the second week of the COP26 on Sunday.
周六，谈判代表在会场进行了第7天的谈判，并于周日开始COP26（第26届联合国气候变化大会）第二周的谈判。
Taliban authorities have confirmed the arrest of two men for their suspected role in the killings of four women, including a rights activist, whose bodies were found in a house last week in northern Afghanistan.
塔利班当局证实逮捕了涉嫌杀害四名女性的两名男子，被害人中包括一名人权活动人士，上周在阿富汗北部一栋房屋内发现了这几名女性的遗体。
An Interior Ministry spokesman in Kabul Saturday said the detainees had confessed in preliminary interrogation to inviting the victims to the house in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif.
阿富汗内政部发言人星期六在喀布尔说，在押人员在初步审讯中承认，曾邀请受害者到北部城市马扎里沙里夫的这栋房屋。
The slain activist was identified as Frozan Safi, a 29-year-old university lecturer in Mazar-i-Sharif, who was desperate to leave Afghanistan since the Taliban took power.
遇害的活动人士被确认为29岁的弗罗赞·萨菲，她是马扎里沙里夫大学的一名讲师。自从塔利班掌权以来，她一直极其渴望离开阿富汗。
She and the three other women were reported to be meeting someone who said they could get them out of the country but the women were later found dead.
据报道，她和另外三名女性正要去见一个表示可以带她们离开这个国家的人，但她们后来被发现时已身亡。
