An Iranian air defense test on Saturday in the Natanz region of central Iran caused an explosion heard as far as 20 kilometers away from the country's main nuclear complex.
伊朗星期六在伊朗中部的纳坦兹地区进行了一次防空试验，爆炸声在距离伊朗主要核设施20公里的地方都能听到。
According to an army spokesman, one of the region's missile systems was tested to assess readiness on the ground and there was nothing to fear.
据军方发言人称，该地区的一个导弹系统进行了测试，以评估地面的准备情况，没什么可担心的。
The explosion was heard in the sky over the town of Badroud, 20 kilometers from the nuclear power plant.
爆炸声在距离核电站20公里的巴德鲁德镇上空回响。
The Iranian military test comes as talks to save the 2015 Iran nuclear deal resumed in Vienna last Monday.
就在伊朗进行军事试验之际，挽回2015年伊朗核协议的谈判于周一在维也纳重启。
Negotiations are taking place between Iran and the major powers still party to the agreement, Germany, France, Britain, Russia and China, after former President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the pact in 2018
在前总统唐纳德·特朗普2018年让美国退出该协议后，伊朗与仍是该协议缔约方的主要大国——德国、法国、英国、俄罗斯和中国——正在进行谈判。
Election officials in the West African nation of Gambia have started counting votes after polls closed for the first presidential election in decades that does not include former dictator Yahya Jammeh as a candidate.
西非国家冈比亚的选举官员在投票结束后开始清点选票，这是几十年来首次候选人不包括前独裁者叶海亚·贾梅的总统选举。
The vote is being seen as a test of democracy in the West African country.
这次投票被视为这个西非国家对民主的考验。
Gambians came to vote in high numbers, with nearly one million registered voters expected to drop marbles into one of six ballot bins, each adorned with the face and name of a candidate.
参与投票的冈比亚人很多，预计将有近100万注册选民将弹珠扔进六个投票箱中的一个，每个投票箱上都印有候选人的肖像和名字。
They include incumbent President Adama Barrow, who defeated Jammeh in 2016.
其中包括在2016年击败贾梅的现任总统阿达玛·巴罗。
Many Gambians are still not satisfied with the progress that Barrow's government has made in fighting poverty and corruption.
许多冈比亚人仍然不满意巴罗政府在消除贫困和腐败方面所取得的进展。
Pope Francis warned Saturday that democracy in Europe and elsewhere is being threatened by populist politicians who appeal to disgruntled citizens with easy solutions to the world's most pressing problems.
教宗方济各星期六警告说，欧洲和其他地方的民主正受到民粹主义政客的威胁，这些政客呼吁心怀不满的公民用简单的办法解决世界上最紧迫的问题。
Francis did not name countries or world leaders, but he cautioned people to be wary of politicians with "an obsessive quest for popularity, in a thirst for visibility, in a flurry of unrealistic promises."
方济各没有指名是哪个国家或世界的领导人，但他告诫人们要警惕那些“痴迷于追求人气、渴望曝光率，说着一连串不切实际的承诺”的政客。
The pope's remarks were made during a visit to Athens, Greece, widely viewed as the birthplace of democracy, the second and last stop on a Mediterranean trip aimed at calling attention to the plight of migrants and refugees.
教皇是在访问希腊雅典期间发表上述讲话的。雅典被广泛认为是民主的发源地，这是教皇地中海之行的第二站，也是最后一站。教皇此行的目的是呼吁人们关注移民和难民的困境。
