Hurricane Ida, a dangerous Category 3 storm, made landfall in the Gulf Coast state of Louisiana on Sunday.
危险的3级飓风“艾达”周日在墨西哥湾沿岸的路易斯安那州登陆。
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Ida came ashore as a Category 4 packing winds of up to 240 kilometers per hour.
美国国家飓风中心表示，“艾达”登陆时为4级，风速高达每小时240公里。
Speaking on U.S. television on Sunday, President Biden warned "the devastation is likely to be immense." "We shouldn't kid ourselves."
拜登总统星期天在美国电视讲话中警告说，“破坏可能是巨大的。”“我们不应该自欺欺人。”
He urged Americans in the path of the storm to take precautions. He said take it very seriously.
他敦促在风暴路径上的美国人采取预防措施。他说要非常认真地对待这件事。
The president said he's already signed an emergency declaration for the states of Louisiana and Mississippi, both in the path of the storm.
总统说，他已经签署了路易斯安那州和密西西比州的紧急声明，这两个州都处于风暴的路径上。
He said the federal government would help the region get back on its feet as soon as possible.
他说，联邦政府将帮助该地区尽快恢复正常。
He also urged people in the storm-affected regions to, quote, "look out for your neighbors."
他还敦促受风暴影响地区的人们，用他的话来说，“照看一下你的邻居。”
Immediately ahead of Ida's arrival, Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards warned those in its path that it was too late to evacuate.
就在“艾达”抵达之前，路易斯安那州州长约翰·贝尔·爱德华兹警告风暴路径上的人说，现在疏散为时已晚。
He said people should now try to shelter in place.
他说，人们现在应该尽量找合适的地方避难。
The governor had declared a state of emergency ahead of the storm and said 5,000 National Guard troops were standing by along the coast for search and rescue efforts.
州长在风暴来临前已宣布进入紧急状态，并表示5000名国民警卫队士兵正沿着海岸待命，以备进行搜救工作。
Sunday is also the anniversary of the devastating landfall of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
周日也是2005年“卡特里娜”飓风登陆的周年纪念日。
The Category 3 storm damaged the New Orleans levee system and flooded the city.
这场3级风暴毁坏了新奥尔良的堤坝系统，淹没了这座城市。
Some 1,800 people are believed to have died as a result of that storm and the levees were later repaired.
据信，大约1800人死于那场风暴，堤坝后来得到了修复。
Zambia's new finance minister said in an interview aired on Sunday that it was critical to agree to a lending program with the International Monetary Fund because it would give creditors confidence and the government cheaper and longer financing.
赞比亚新任财政部长在周日播出的一次采访中表示，与国际货币基金组织(IMF)达成贷款计划至关重要，因为这将给债权人带来信心，并使政府的融资成本更低、时间更长。
The new finance minister was appointed on Friday by recently elected President Hakainde Hichilema.
新财政部长于周五由最近当选的总统哈凯恩德·希奇莱马任命。
He faces the task of trying to pull the southern African country out of a debt crisis and has pledged to prioritize talks with the IMF.
他面临着尽力让这个南部非洲国家摆脱债务危机的任务，并承诺优先与国际货币基金组织进行谈判。
