This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
The United Nations and the government of Bangladesh have signed a memorandum of understanding to work together on help for Rohingya refugees on an island in the Bay of Bengal.
联合国和孟加拉国政府签署了一份谅解备忘录，共同帮助孟加拉湾一个岛屿上的罗兴亚难民。
The Bangladeshi government has already moved more than 19,000 out of 1.1 million Rohingya refugees in southern Bangladesh to the island of Bhasan Char.
孟加拉国政府已经将孟加拉国南部110万罗兴亚难民中的1.9万多人转移到Bhasan Char岛。
Initially, the U.N. and other aid agencies opposed Bangladesh's plan to move the refugees from camps to the island, saying the land was not fit for habitation.
起初，联合国和其他援助机构反对孟加拉国将难民从难民营转移到该岛的计划，称这片土地不适合居住。
But the government of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says it has spent $112 million on improvements that include seawalls, hospital, schools and mosques.
但是总理谢赫·哈西娜领导的政府表示，政府已经花费了1.12亿美元用于改善海堤、医院、学校和清真寺。
U.N. officials said in a statement that they signed the memorandum of understanding on Saturday in order to start serving the population now living on Bhasan Char.
联合国官员在一份声明中表示，他们周六签署了谅解备忘录，以便开始为目前生活在Bhasan Char的居民提供服务。
Bangladesh has sheltered more than a million refugees from neighboring Myanmar, which does not recognize them as citizens.
孟加拉国已经收容了来自邻国缅甸的100多万难民，缅甸不承认他们的公民身份。
A U.N.-sponsored investigation in 2018 recommended the prosecution of Myanmar's top military commanders on charges of genocide, war crime(s) and crimes against humanity for the violence against the Rohingya.
2018年，联合国发起的一项调查建议起诉缅甸高级军事指挥官，指控他们针对罗兴亚人的暴力行为犯下种族灭绝罪、战争罪和反人类罪。
The doctor of the jailed former Georgian president, Mikheil Saakashvili, says his patient needs to be hospitalized after 10 days on hunger strike.
被监禁的格鲁吉亚前总统米哈伊尔·萨卡什维利的医生说，他的病人因绝食10天需要住院治疗。
Saakashvili declared a hunger strike after he was arrested October 1 and incarcerated in the city of Rustavi.
萨卡什维利10月1日被捕，并被关押在鲁斯塔维市，之后他宣布绝食抗议。
His detention came just hours after he announced he had returned to Georgia following an eight-year absence.
就在他被拘留的几个小时前，他宣布在阔别八年后重返格鲁吉亚。
Saakashvili was convicted in absentia in 2018 for abuse of power during his presidency.
2018年，萨卡什维利被缺席审判（译者注：缺席审判为法律术语）为在担任总统期间滥用职权。
He says the charges are politically motivated.
他称这些指控是出于政治动机。
VOA News.
美国之音新闻。
