This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Afghanistan's Taliban government on Sunday asked for (an) airlines to resume commercial flights to and from Kabul.
阿富汗塔利班政府周日呼吁航空公司恢复往返喀布尔的商业航班。
The Taliban said problems at the capital city's airport had been resolved and that the facility is fully operational.
塔利班表示，首都机场的问题已经解决，机场设施已经完全可以投入使用。
The Kabul airport was closed for all commercial flights in the wake of the emergency evacuation of tens of thousands of foreigners and vulnerable Afghans that ensued after the Taliban takeover of Kabul on August 15.
在8月15日塔利班占领喀布尔后，数以万计的外国人和易受攻击的阿富汗人紧急撤离，喀布尔机场关闭了所有商业航班。
The airport which was damaged during the chaotic evacuation has since been reopened for a limited number of aid and chartered passenger flights with technical assistance mainly from Qatar.
机场曾在混乱的疏散中遭到破坏，自那以后，仅对有限的一些援助飞机和提供技术支持的包机重新开放，这些飞机主要来自卡塔尔。
The takeover of Kabul essentially sealed Taliban control of the entire country of Afghanistan.
塔利班对喀布尔的占领，基本上确定了他们对整个阿富汗的控制。
Germany is still waiting for preliminary final results in Sunday's general election, which will eventually result in a new chancellor for Germany as Angela Merkel steps down after 16 years in office.
德国仍在等待周日大选的初步结果，大选最终将产生一位德国新总理，安吉拉·默克尔于执政16年后卸任。
The center-left Social Democrats appeared to be almost two percentage points ahead of Merkel's party, the Conservative Christian Democrats.
中间偏左的社会民主党似乎领先默克尔所在的保守派基督教民主党近两个百分点。
The SPD candidate for chancellor Olaf Scholz has already said his party has a clear mandate to rule.
社民党总理候选人奥拉夫·肖尔茨已经表示，社民党有明确的执政权力。
But Merkel's chosen successor, Armin Laschet, has vowed to do everything he can to build a government.
但默克尔选定的继任者阿尔明·拉舍特誓言要尽其所能组建政府。
The parties that came in through third and fourth in the election, the Greens and the Liberal Free Democratic party, will be key to forming a governing coalition.
在选举中获得第三和第四名的政党，绿党和自由民主党，将是组建执政联盟的关键。
Both of the main party leaders say they want a new government in place by Christmas.
两位主要政党领导人都表示，他们希望在圣诞节前组建好新政府。
Germany is the EU's largest economy.
德国是欧盟最大的经济体。
Brexit has made its place all the more prominent in the European economy.
英国脱欧让它在欧洲经济中的地位变得更加突出。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
