This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是大卫·伯德，为您远程报道。
The U.N. climate conference in Glasgow, Scotland, ended Saturday when almost 200 nations accepted a compromise deal aimed at keeping a key global warming target alive.
周六，在苏格兰格拉斯哥举行的联合国气候大会结束，近200个国家接受了一项折衷协议，旨在维持一个关键的全球变暖目标。
We get more from AP's Jennifer King.
美联社詹妮弗·金将为我们带来详细报道。
After two weeks of talks, envoys at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, Scotland, accepted a compromise agreement.
经过两周的会谈，参加苏格兰格拉斯哥联合国气候变化会议的各国代表接受了一项折衷协议。
It was aimed at keeping alive the international goal to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius or 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit.
该协议旨在维持一项国际目标，即将全球变暖控制在1.5摄氏度或2.7华氏度。
Nation after nation complained that the deal isn't enough to fend off flooding, heat, drought and weather disasters that endanger millions, but in the end, said it provides some progress, if not success.
各国国民接连抱怨说，这项协议不足以抵御危及数百万人的洪水、高温、干旱和天气灾害，但最终还是表示，虽然不能说是成功，但它还是带来了一些进展。
U.S. special climate envoy John Kerry encouraged delegates to accept the imperfect proposal.
美国气候特使约翰·克里鼓励各国代表接受这个不完美的提案。
"You can't let the perfect be the enemy of the good."
“你不能让完美成为良好的敌人。”
In the last-minute intervention, India water down the language on cutting emissions from coal.
在干预的最后一刻，印度缓和了有关减少煤炭排放的措辞。
Indian Environment Minister Bhupender Yadav: "... developing countries have a right to their fair share of the global carbon budget and are entitled to the responsible use of fossil fuels."
印度环境部长Bhupender Yadav：“……发展中国家有权在全球碳预算中获得公平份额，并有权负责任地使用化石燃料。”
The Glasgow Climate Pact includes some financial incentives for poorer nations and solves a long-standing problem to pave the way for carbon trading.
《格拉斯哥气候公约》中包括一些对较贫穷国家的财政激励措施，并解决了一个长期存在的问题，为碳排放交易铺平了道路。
I'm Jennifer King.
我是詹妮弗·金。
Officials, relatives and a media watchdog in Afghanistan confirmed Saturday that a suspected bomb blast on a minibus in Kabul had killed a well-known journalist and injured several people.
阿富汗官员、亲属和一家媒体监督机构周六证实，喀布尔一辆面包车上发生疑似炸弹爆炸，造成一名知名记者死亡，多人受伤。
The slain journalist was identified as Hameed Saighani, who worked for the mainstream Ariana television network.
遇害的记者被确认为哈米德·塞格尼，他在主流媒体阿里亚纳电视网工作。
The violence happened near a Taliban checkpoint in the Afghan capital's western area dominated by members of the minority Shiite Hazara community.
该暴力事件发生在阿富汗首都西部的一个塔利班检查站附近，该地区主要居住着什叶派少数族裔哈扎拉人。
There were no immediate claims of responsibility for the attack, but Afghan Hazara have for years been the target of deadly violence by the regional Islamic State affiliate.
目前还没有人声称对此次袭击负责，但阿富汗哈扎拉人多年来一直是该地区伊斯兰国分支的致命暴力袭击的目标。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
