This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Afghanistan's neighbors called for peace and stability in their region at the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday.
阿富汗的邻国星期二在联合国大会上呼吁该地区的和平与稳定。
They were reacting to last month's U.S. military withdrawal and the Taliban takeover of the country.
他们在对上个月美国撤军和塔利班接管阿富汗作出反应。
The emir of Qatar said the American decision to withdraw from Afghanistan constitutes what he called "an extremely critical turning point."
卡塔尔埃米尔说，美国从阿富汗撤军的决定被视为他所说的“一个极其关键的转折点”。
The emir said Qatar will continue to coordinate with partners to ensure gains made during talks between Washington and the Taliban in Doha would be maintained and commitments kept.
埃米尔表示，卡塔尔将继续与伙伴合作，以确保华盛顿和塔利班在多哈会谈期间取得的成果得以维持，承诺得以履行。
The Taliban have kept an office in Doha since 2013.
塔利班自2013年以来一直在多哈设有办事处。
The emir emphasized what he called "the necessity of continuing dialogue with the Taliban because boycott only leads to polarization and reactions whereas dialogue could bring in positive results."
埃米尔强调了他所说的“与塔利班继续对话的必要性，因为抵制只会导致两极分化和抵触，而对话可能带来积极的结果。”
Qatar is one of the countries that helped evacuate thousands of foreigners and Afghan nationals from the country following the August 15th takeover by the Taliban.
卡塔尔是在8月15日塔利班夺取政权后帮助数千名外国人和阿富汗公民撤离阿富汗的国家之一。
Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi used his pre-recorded address to criticize the United States.
伊朗总统易卜拉欣·拉伊西用事先录制好的讲话批判美国。
He said it did not "exit" Afghanistan but had been "expelled."
他说，他们不是“撤出”阿富汗，而是被“驱逐”了。
He also issued a word of caution to Taliban leaders.
他还向塔利班领导人发出了警告。
He said if the government is not inclusive of all ethnicities, security will not be restored to the country.
他说，如果政府不能包容所有种族，国家就不会恢复安定。
In his speech at the U.N. General Assembly, President Joe Biden of the United States defended his decision to withdraw forces from Afghanistan after 20 years of American involvement there.
美国总统乔·拜登在联合国大会的讲话中为他从阿富汗撤军的决定进行了辩护。此前，美国已经卷入阿富汗长达20年。
Mr. Biden said, "we've turned the page." "For the first time in twenty years," "the United States is not at war."
拜登说，“我们已经翻篇了。”“二十年来第一次，”“美国没有处于战争状态。”
Among the delegates to the General Assembly is Afghanistan's ambassador to the U.N. who was appointed by the previous government of Afghanistan before the Taliban seized power.
出席联合国大会的代表中有阿富汗驻联合国大使，他是在塔利班夺取政权前由阿富汗政府任命的。
VOA News.
美国之音新闻。
