This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
U.S. officials announced Tuesday Swiss bank Credit Suisse has agreed to pay $475 million to U.S. and British authorities to resolve charges of "fraudulently misleading investors" and violating anti-corruption law in the bond offerings in Mozambique.
美国官员星期二宣布，瑞士信贷银行同意向美国和英国当局支付4.75亿美元，以解决对他们的指控，即在莫桑比克发行债券时“欺骗投资者”和违反反腐败法。
The country's so-called "hidden debt" scandal stemmed from loans in 2013 and 2014 to three public companies to finance a tuna fishing project, debt the government masked from the nation's parliament.
莫桑比克所谓的“隐性债务”丑闻源于2013年和2014年向三家上市公司提供贷款，资助一个金枪鱼捕捞项目，该国政府对议会隐瞒了这笔债务。
When details finally surfaced in 2016, donors such as the International Monetary Fund cut off financial aid, and the southern African country was plunged into a financial crisis, as it defaulted on debt payments and the currency collapsed.
2016年，当其中细节最终浮出水面时，国际货币基金组织(IMF)等捐赠方中断了财政援助，这个南部非洲国家陷入了一场金融危机，因为该国出现债务违约，并且货币暴跌。
U.S. officials say bankers from the Zurich-based company, quote, "falsely represented" to investors that proceeds from the loans would go exclusively to develop Mozambique's tuna fishing industry and generate revenues to pay debt payments.
美国官员说，这家总部位于苏黎世的公司的银行家向投资者“虚假陈述”说，贷款收益将专门用于发展莫桑比克的金枪鱼渔业，并创造收入来偿还债务。
In fact, bankers received at least $50 million in kickbacks, part of at least $200 million in total kickbacks to players in the scandal that included Mozambican government officials, according to Tuesday's announcement..
根据周二的声明，事实上，银行家们收到了至少5000万美元的回扣，这桩丑闻中参与者（包括莫桑比克政府官员在内）总共至少收了2亿美元回扣，这只是其中的一部分。
Nigerian authorities said on Tuesday helicopter gunships killed more than four dozen "bandits" during an operation in the restive northwest.
尼日利亚当局周二表示，武装直升机在动荡的西北部地区的一次行动中击毙了40多名“匪徒”。
Heavily armed gangs known locally as bandits have terrorized northwest and central Nigeria for years, raiding and looting villages, but the attacks have become even more violent in recent months.
多年来，在当地被称为土匪的全副武装团伙一直在尼日利亚西北部和中部实施恐怖袭击，突袭和抢劫村庄，但最近几个月，袭击变得更加暴力了。
A regional security officer said in a statement, quote, "In an inspiring success for the security forces, over 50 bandits have been neutralized during a combined ground and air assault."
一位地区安全官员在一份声明中表示，“安全部队取得了鼓舞人心的成功，在一次地面和空中的联合攻击中消灭了50多名土匪。”
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
