Russia is voicing concern about a possible escalation of fighting in the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine while the United States is warning Moscow to stay away.
俄罗斯对乌克兰东部分离主义冲突可能升级表示担忧，而美国则警告莫斯科不要插手。
We get more from AP's Ben Thomas.
下面请听本·托马斯为您带来的详细报道。
Ukraine and Western officials have expressed worries that a Russian troop build-up near Ukraine could herald an invasion.
乌克兰和西方官员担心，俄罗斯在乌克兰附近集结军队可能预示着入侵。
But Moscow insists it has no such intention and has accused Ukraine and the West of having their own aggressive designs.
但莫斯科坚称，它没有这样的意图，并指控乌克兰和西方有他们自己的侵略图谋。
Secretary of State Antony Blinken calls that Russian disinformation.
国务卿安东尼·布林肯称这是俄罗斯方的虚假信息。
"Ukraine is in no way posing a threat to Russia, or seeking a confrontation that would justify a Russian military intervention."
“乌克兰绝不会对俄罗斯构成威胁，也不会寻求对抗，让俄罗斯有理由进行军事干预。”
Blinken met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Stockholm Thursday, expressing "our deep concerns and our resolve to hold Russia responsible for its actions."
布林肯星期四在斯德哥尔摩会见了俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫，表达了“我们深切的担忧和让俄罗斯对其行为负责的决心。”
For his part, Lavrov warned Russia would respond in kind to any Western sanctions but welcome the U.S. offer to join diplomatic efforts toward peace in eastern Ukraine.
拉夫罗夫警告说，俄罗斯将以同样的方式回应西方的任何制裁，但欢迎美国加入有关乌克兰东部和平的外交活动。
I'm Ben Thomas.
我是本·托马斯。
Migrants seeking to enter the United States will again have to stay in Mexico as they await immigration hearing as the Biden administration reluctantly announced plans Thursday to comply with a court order and accept conditions set out by Mexico for resuming the Trump-era policy.
寻求进入美国的移民将不得不再次留在墨西哥，等待移民听证会。拜登政府星期四不情愿地宣布，计划遵守法院命令，接受墨西哥为恢复特朗普时代的政策而列出的条件。
At a news conference, White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said the administration had no choice but to reinstate the program for now.
在新闻发布会上，白宫新闻秘书珍·普萨基表示，政府目前别无选择，只能恢复该计划。
"... we are in a situation where we're under a court -- abiding by a court ruling, and so that is what we are working to implement at this point in time."
＂... 我们现在所处的情况是，我们得遵守法庭的裁决，所以这就是我们目前正在努力贯彻的。”
Mexico's foreign relations secretary said Mexico would allow returns beginning next week in light of U.S. concessions "for humanitarian reasons and for temporary stays."
墨西哥外交关系部长说，考虑到美国的让步，墨西哥将从下周开始允许移民回国，“出于人道主义原因，允许他们短暂停留”。
Revival of the "Remain in Mexico" policy comes under a court order even as the Biden administration maneuvers to end it in a way that survives legal scrutiny.
“留在墨西哥”政策的恢复是在法院的命令下进行的，尽管拜登政府试图以一种能通过法律审查的方式结束这一政策。
