Top senators from President Joe Biden's Democratic Party warned Tuesday that the U.S. relationship with Brazil would be at risk if President Jair Bolsonaro does not respect democratic norms in October, 2022 elections.
拜登总统所在的民主党的高级参议员星期二警告说，如果巴西总统博尔索纳罗在2022年10月的选举中不尊重民主规范，美国与巴西的关系将面临风险。
The far-right leader, one of the leading international allies of Donald Trump, has warned that Brazil could see scenes reminiscent of the January 6 mob violence in Washington by supporters of the former U.S. president's false claims of election fraud.
这位极右翼领导人是唐纳德·特朗普的主要国际盟友之一，他警告说，巴西可能会出现和1月6日在华盛顿民众暴乱事件类似的场景，那场骚乱中的暴民是前美国总统唐纳德·特朗普的支持者，特朗普曾错误地声称选举舞弊。
In a letter to Secretary of State Antony Blinken, four Democratic senators said that disruption in Brazil's democracy, quote, "would jeopardize the very foundation" of relations between the Western Hemisphere's two most populous nations.
在致美国国务卿安东尼·布林肯的一封信中，四名民主党参议员表示，巴西民主的破坏将“危及”西半球人口最多的这两个国家之间关系的“根基”。
The senators voiced alarm at Bolsonaro's claims without evidence that the voting system is mired in fraud and his suggestions that he would not concede defeat.
博尔索纳罗声称没有证据表明投票系统存在舞弊情况，并暗示不会认输，参议员们对此表示担忧。
Chile's lower house of Congress on Tuesday approved a bill to decriminalize abortion within 14 weeks of pregnancy, a major step towards legalization of a procedure still only allowed in a handful of Latin American countries.
周二，智利国会下议院通过了一项法案，将怀孕14周内的堕胎合法化，这是向堕胎合法化迈出的重要一步，目前只有少数拉美国家允许堕胎。
The bill, submitted in 2018 by opposition MPs, seeks to change the existing law which allows elective abortion under certain circumstances.
该法案于2018年由反对党议员提交，旨在改变现行法律，该法律允许在某些情况下进行选择性堕胎。
Activists say those legal abortions represent only about three percent of the thousands of secret terminations taking place in the country.
活动人士说，这些合法堕胎只占这个国家成千上万的不公开堕胎的3%。
Among other Latin American countries, abortion is only legal in Uruguay, Cuba, Argentina - (since) January - and Guyana, as well as Mexico City and three Mexican states.
在其他拉美国家中，堕胎只在乌拉圭、古巴、阿根廷(从1月份开始)、圭亚那、以及墨西哥城和三个墨西哥州是合法的。
It is banned in El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, the Dominican Republic and Haiti, and most other countries allow it only for medical reasons or in case of rape.
在萨尔瓦多、洪都拉斯、尼加拉瓜、多米尼加共和国和海地，堕胎都是被禁止的，其他大多数国家只允许在医疗原因或强奸的情况下实施堕胎。
Poland's President Andrzej Duda said on Tuesday he would request the extension of a state of emergency along Poland's border with Belarus for a further 60 days due to a surge in migration that Warsaw blames on Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko.
波兰总统安杰伊·杜达周二表示，他将要求将波兰与白俄罗斯边境的紧急状态再延长60天，原因是移民激增，华沙将此归咎于白俄罗斯总统亚历山大·卢卡申科。
