Saudi state-run media say a Yemeni rebel attack on the Saudi border town of Jizan killed two people and wounded seven more late Friday.
沙特国营媒体称，也门叛军星期五晚间袭击了沙特边境城镇吉赞，造成两人死亡，七人受伤。
The Saudi Press Agency said Yemen's Houthi rebels launched a projectile that killed a Saudi citizen and a Yemeni resident.
沙特通讯社称，也门胡塞武装发射的一枚炮弹造成了一名沙特公民和一名也门居民死亡。
It said six of the wounded were Saudis and one was a Bangladeshi national.
报道称，伤者中有6人是沙特人，1人是孟加拉国民。
Shrapnel also smashed into nearby cars and shops.
弹片还击中了附近的汽车和商店。
(The) cross-border attack is just the latest in Yemen's long-running civil war by the Shiite Houthi rebels following an escalation of Saudi-led military coalition airstrikes on the rebel-held capital of Sana'a.
这次越境袭击只是什叶派胡塞武装在长期的也门内战中的最新一起，此前沙特领导的军事联盟对叛军控制的首都萨那升级了空袭。
Saudi airstrikes rocked Sana'a earlier Friday, hitting a military camp near the city center, this according to both Houthi and Saudi media.
胡塞媒体和沙特媒体均有报道，周五早些时候，沙特的空袭震动了萨那，击中了市中心附近的一个军事营地。
A South African cabinet minister on Friday urged the cancellation of an upcoming U.S. auction of a key to the Robben Island prison cell where Nelson Mandela, the country's first Black president, was long jailed for his opposition to apartheid.
南非一位内阁部长周五敦促取消即将在美国举行的罗本岛监狱钥匙拍卖。南非首位黑人总统曼德拉曾因反对种族隔离而长期被关押在罗本岛监狱。
The key is among Mandela memorabilia being sold by Guernsey's auction house in New York on January 28.
这把钥匙是将于1月28日在纽约根西岛拍卖行拍卖的曼德拉纪念品之一。
Most of the items were provided by members of Mandela's family to raise funds for a planned museum and garden around his grave while the key is being sold by Mandela's former jailer who became his friend.
这些物品中的大部分是由曼德拉的家人提供的，目的是筹集资金，在曼德拉的坟墓旁修建博物馆和花园，不过这把钥匙是由后来和曼德拉成为朋友的前狱卒出售的。
Rescuers in northern Myanmar said the confirmed death toll from a landslide at an illegal jade mine had risen to six on Friday as they called off the search operation, with dozens still missing and presumed dead.
缅甸北部的救援人员表示，一处非法玉石矿发生山体滑坡，造成的死亡人数周五已上升至6人，同时他们停止了搜救行动，数十人仍下落不明，据推测已经死亡。
Scores die each year working in the country's lucrative but poorly regulated jade trade, which sees low-paid migrant workers scrape out gems highly coveted in neighboring China.
每年都有数十人在利润丰厚但监管不善的玉石贸易中丧生，低收入外来务工人员挖出邻国中国梦寐以求的宝石。
Authorities had initially estimated at least 70 people were feared missing after the torrent of rocks and earth swept into the lake early Wednesday, later said they were still trying to confirm that figure.
有关部门初步估计，周三凌晨泥石流进入堰塞湖后，恐怕至少有70人失踪，随后又表示，他们仍在努力确认这一数字。
