Iran's Revolutionary Guards said they killed six "armed bandits" in a shootout in the country's southeast.
伊朗革命卫队称，他们在该国东南部的枪战中击毙了6名“武装土匪”。
It also left three members of a guards-linked paramilitary force dead.
这次袭击还造成一支与卫队有关联的准军事部队的三名成员死亡。
The guards said late Saturday on their website that the latest clashes broke out around a hideout of militants near a village in central Sistan-Baluchistan.
周六晚些时候，警卫在他们的网站上称，近期的冲突发生在激进分子的藏身地周围，那里临近锡斯坦-俾路支斯坦中部一个村庄。
The province bordering Pakistan and Afghanistan is a flashpoint for clashes with smuggling gangs as well as separatists from the Baluchi minority and extremist militant groups.
这个与巴基斯坦和阿富汗接壤的省份是其与走私团伙常发冲突的地带，也是俾路支少数民族的分裂分子和极端武装组织常发冲突的地带。
On Friday, the guards said they had targeted and killed the perpetrators behind an attack that had left two of their members dead on December 25 in the same province.
周五，这些警卫称，他们已经锁定并击毙了12月25日该省一场袭击事件的幕后黑手，那次袭击致使他们的两名成员死亡。
South Korea's military said Sunday that an unidentified person crossed the heavily fortified border into North Korea.
韩国军方周日表示，一名身份不明的人越过戒备森严的边境进入朝鲜。
The person was earlier spotted by a surveillance equipment at the eastern portion of the border, known as the Demilitarized Zone.
早些时候，这名男子在边境东部的非军事区被监控设备拍下。
The person avoided capture by South Korean troops on Saturday night.
这名男子躲过了韩国军队周六晚上的抓捕。
Officers with South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said surveillance later detected the person crossing the border.
韩国参谋长联席会议的官员说，监控后来拍摄到此人越过了边境。
It was unclear whether the person was a South Korean entering the North, or a North Korean returning to it.
目前还不清楚这名男子是进入朝鲜的韩国人，还是返回朝鲜的朝鲜人。
Israel's military says it launched strikes against militant targets in the Gaza Strip a day after rockets were fired from the Hamas-ruled territory.
以色列军方称，在哈马斯控制的加沙地带发射火箭弹一天后，以色列对那里的激进分子目标发动了袭击。
Early Sunday, video filmed in the southern Gaza Strip showed three huge explosions and fighter jets could be heard flying over.
星期天早些时候，在加沙地带南部拍摄的视频显示，发生了三次巨大的爆炸，可以听到战斗机从上空飞过的声音。
There was no immediate confirmation of possible casualties.
目前尚未证实可能有人员伤亡。
The Israeli military said the attacks targeted a rocket manufacturing facility at a military post for Hamas.
以色列军方表示，袭击的目标是哈马斯一个军事基地的火箭制造厂。
Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton, VOA News.
我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。这里是美国之音新闻。
