Russia on Friday criticized the United States for threatening Iran with diplomatic escalation at the International Atomic Energy Agency if Tehran did not improve cooperation with the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
俄罗斯星期五指责美国威胁伊朗，如果德黑兰不改善与联合国核监督机构的合作，其在国际原子能机构的外交局势将升级。
Russian Ambassador Mikhail Ulyanov called the U.S. threat to convene an extraordinary IAEA board meeting to censure Iran not helpful and counterproductive.
俄罗斯驻联合国代表米哈伊尔·乌尔扬诺夫称，美国威胁召开国际原子能机构特别理事会会议谴责伊朗，此举非但没有帮助，反而适得其反。
"The U.S. did not communicate with the Iranians for a very long time and forgot that Iranians don't do anything under pressure.
“美国很长一段时间没有与伊朗人沟通了，忘记了伊朗人不会在压力下采取任何行动。
If they are under pressure, they resist."
如果他们面临压力，他们就会反抗。”
This week, IAEA Director General Raphael Grossi said the agency was not able to inspect the production of advanced centrifuges at Iran's Karaj facility because it did not have cameras and other monitoring equipment installed at the site.
本周，国际原子能机构总干事拉斐尔·格罗西表示，该机构无法视察伊朗卡拉伊设施先进离心机的生产情况，因为那里没有安装摄像头和其他监控设备。
The continued refusal of the Islamic republic to cooperate with the agency has prompted the U.S. and its European allies to threaten Iran with a special board meeting before the end of the year.
伊朗继续拒绝与国际原子能机构合作，这促使美国及其欧洲盟友威胁伊朗要在年底前召开特别理事会会议。
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Friday alleged that his country's intelligence service had uncovered plans for a Russian-backed coup d'etat in Ukraine next week, accusations which Moscow has denied.
乌克兰总统弗拉基米尔·泽伦斯基周五声称，乌克兰情报机构发现了俄罗斯支持的下周在乌克兰发动政变的计划。莫斯科方面否认了这一指控。
At a news conference in Kiev, the Ukrainian capital, Zelenskyy said he had received information that a coup was being planned for next Wednesday or Thursday.
在乌克兰首都基辅举行的新闻发布会上，泽伦斯基表示，他已收到消息称，有人计划在下周三或周四发动政变。
Speaking where he is spending the Thanksgiving weekend in Massachusetts, President Joe Biden said he and his security team are concerned by the report.
美国总统乔·拜登正在马萨诸塞州度过感恩节周末，他说，他和他的安全团队对这份报告感到担忧。
"We support Ukraine's territorial integrity.
“我们支持乌克兰的领土完整。
We support Ukraine's ability to govern itself.
我们支持乌克兰自治的能力。
And we reject anything remotely approaching ...."
我们拒绝任何与之相距甚远的事情……”
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov rejected the allegations in comments to journalists in Moscow on Friday.
克里姆林宫发言人德米特里·佩斯科夫周五在莫斯科对记者发表评论时否认了这些指控。
The Kremlin insists it has no such intention and has accused Ukraine and its Western backers of making the claims to cover up their own allegedly aggressive designs.
克里姆林宫坚称，它没有这样的意图，并指责乌克兰及其西方支持者的说法是为了掩盖他们自己所谓的侵略计划。
