Thousands of Tunisians continued protesting against President Kais Saied's seizure of political power four months ago in the capital, Tunis, on Sunday, amid heavy security.
周日，数千名突尼斯人在戒备森严的情况下，继续在首都突尼斯市抗议总统凯斯·赛义德四个月前夺取政权。
Protesters briefly clashed with police as they tried to remove barriers separating them and demanded that Saied restore parliament and normal democratic rule.
当警察试图拆除阻隔他们的障碍时，抗议者与警察发生短暂冲突，并要求赛义德恢复议会和正常的民主统治。
Saied seized nearly all powers in July, suspending the parliament and dismissing the government in a move his critics called a coup before installing a new prime minister and announcing he could rule by decree.
赛义德在7月份夺取了几乎所有的权力，暂停了议会，解散了政府，他的批评者称此举是政变，之后他任命了一位新总理，并宣布他可以通过法令进行统治。
The Tunisian president said his actions were needed to end governmental paralysis after years of political squabbling and economic stagnation.
突尼斯总统称，为了结束政府多年的政治争吵和经济停滞，他的行动是必要的。
He's promised to uphold rights and freedoms won in the 2011 revolution that brought democracy.
他承诺维护在2011年带来民主的革命中赢得的权利与自由。
His moves appeared to have widespread popularity.
他的举措似乎广受欢迎。
Thousands of his supporters gathered for a rally to back him last month.
上个月，他的数千名支持者举行集会支持他。
But several prominent politicians have been arrested.
但几位知名政客已经被捕。
Hundreds have faced travel bans.
数百人面临旅行禁令。
The Qatar-based satellite news network Al-Jazeera says its bureau chief in Sudan has been detained by security forces.
总部位于卡塔尔的卫星新闻网络半岛电视台表示，其驻苏丹首席记者已被安全部队拘留。
The network said on Twitter on Sunday that Sudanese forces raided the journalist's home.
该电视台周日在推特上说，苏丹军队突袭了这名记者的家。
Al-Jazeera did not elaborate.
半岛电视台没有详细说明。
Sudanese officials could not immediately be reached for comment.
记者无法立即联系到苏丹官员置评。
The development comes a day after security forces fired live ammunition and tear gas to disperse protesters denouncing the military tightening grip on the country.
在这一事态发展的前一天，安全部队发射了实弹和催泪瓦斯，以驱散谴责军方加强对国家控制的抗议者。
Activists say a protester died Sunday of his wounds that raises the death toll to at least six. Several people were also wounded.
活动人士说，一名抗议者星期天因伤势过重而死亡，这使得死亡人数上升到至少6人。还有几人受伤。
Two strong earthquakes struck southern Iran near the port of Bandar Abbas on Sunday, prompting residents to flee their homes and killing at least one person, according to state television.
据伊朗国家电视台报道，周日，伊朗南部阿巴斯港附近发生两次强烈地震，导致居民逃离家园，造成至少一人死亡。
Iran's state TV said the quakes measured 6.3 and 6.4 magnitude.
伊朗国家电视台称，这次地震的震级分别为6.3级和6.4级。
The tremors were felt across the gulf in Dubai.
海湾的另一边的迪拜都有震感。
State TV reported that one person died when an electricity pole fell on him.
据国家电视台报道，有一人被电线杆砸中后死亡。
Iran is crisscrossed by major geological fault lines and has suffered several devastating earthquakes in recent years.
伊朗主要的地质断层线纵横交错，近年来已经遭受了几次毁灭性的地震。
Its deadliest quake was a 7.4-magnitude tremor that struck northern Iran in 1990.
最致命的地震是1990年发生在伊朗北部的7.4级地震。
Forty thousand people died in that disaster.
四万人在那场灾难中丧生。
