Pakistani authorities say at least a dozen people were killed and 11 others injured in an explosion Saturday at a Karachi bank branch.
巴基斯坦当局说，卡拉奇一家银行支行星期六发生爆炸，造成至少12人死亡，11人受伤。
Reuters Edward Baran has more.
路透社爱德华·巴兰报道。
The cause of the blast at a branch of Pakistan's largest bank, Habib Bank Limited, could be a gas leak, a senior police officer said.
一名高级警官说，巴基斯坦最大银行哈比卜银行有限公司的一家支行发生爆炸，原因可能是煤气泄漏。
A petrol station located next to the bank within the Sindh Industrial Trading Estate and cars parked nearby were badly damaged.
信德省工业贸易区内银行旁边的一个加油站和停在其附近的汽车严重受损。
The bank's floor was ripped apart, exposing twisted iron bars.
银行的地板爆裂，露出扭曲的铁条。
A senior police officer told reporters it was not immediately clear how many were dead or injured in the explosion as the bank had a skeleton staff on Saturday.
一名高级警官告诉记者，目前还不清楚有多少人在爆炸中死亡或受伤，因为周六银行只有少数几名基干员工。
Construction laws are often flouted in Pakistan.
在巴基斯坦，建筑法常常形同虚设。
Several sewage drains have been concreted over in Karachi to make way for parking lots.
卡拉奇的几条污水排水沟已经被浇筑了混凝土，来为停车场铺路。
Last month, the country's Supreme Court ordered the demolition of a multi-story apartment building found to have been constructed on an illegal plot at Karachi's main thoroughfare.
上个月，该国最高法院下令拆除一幢多层公寓楼，该公寓楼被发现建在卡拉奇主干道的一块非法土地上。
That's Reuters Edward Baran.
路透社爱德华·巴兰报道。
Protesters gathered in front of a government building in Serbia on Saturday to demand the state drop plans for new mining projects.
周六，抗议者聚集在塞尔维亚的一座政府大楼前，要求政府放弃新采矿项目的计划。
New laws on expropriation of land and referenda, which environmental activists say would make it easier for mining companies to push through their plans, initially sparked nationwide protests over the last four weeks.
有关土地征用和公民投票的新法律首先在过去四周引发了全国范围内的抗议活动。环保活动人士称，新法律将使矿业公司更容易推动它们的计划。
Conservative President Aleksandar Vucic sent the expropriation law back to parliament for reworking at the beginning of December.
12月初，保守派总统亚历山大·武契奇将征用法发回议会进行修改。
But protesters are calling for the cancellation of deals with mining companies such as Rio Tinto.
但抗议者要求取消与力拓等矿业公司的交易。
Lithium is highly demanded globally as a vital ingredient in batteries for electric cars but environmentalists say the extraction of the mineral does irreversible damage to the planet.
锂作为制造电动汽车电池的重要原料，在全球范围内的需求量都很大，但环保人士表示，这种矿物的开采会对地球造成不可逆转的破坏。
Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
大卫·伯德为您远程报道。
