This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Jurors in Brunswick, Georgia, have finished for the day in their deliberation over the fate of three white men accused of murdering a young African-American jogger, Ahmaud Arbery, in a trial that has divided a southern U.S. community and once again forced America to reckon with an incident of deadly force being wielded against a racial minority member.
乔治亚州布伦瑞克市的陪审员结束了一天对三名白人男子命运的审议，这三名白人男子被控谋杀了一名年轻的非裔美国慢跑者艾哈迈德·阿伯里，这次审判分裂了美国南部社区，并再次迫使美国正视这起针对少数族裔成员的致命武力事件。
Closing arguments ended earlier Tuesday in the high-profile trial.
在这场备受瞩目的审判中，结案陈词于周二早些时候结束。
The men are accused of chasing down and murdering Ahmad Arbery outside Brunswick, Georgia, in February 2020.
几名男子被指控于2020年2月在乔治亚州布伦瑞克郊外追捕并谋杀了艾哈迈德·阿贝里。
The defendants have pleaded not guilty, contending they suspected Arbery, who was out on a jog, of burglarizing homes in their predominantly white neighborhood.
被告否认有罪，声称他们怀疑当时正在外面慢跑的阿贝里在他们这个以白人为主的社区进行入室行窃。
Arbery's death sparked nationwide protests last year.
去年，阿贝里的死引发了全国范围的抗议。
If convicted, all three men face life in prison.
如果罪名成立，这三人都将面临终身监禁。
A jury has awarded millions of dollars in damages against white nationalist leaders for violence that erupted during the 2017 Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in which one person died.
一个陪审团裁定，白人民族主义领导者因在2017年弗吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔举行的“团结右翼”集会期间实施暴力，应向受害者支付数百万美元的赔偿金，那次集会导致一人死亡。
After a nearly month-long civil trial, a jury in U.S. District Court in Charlottes(ville) on Tuesday was deadlocked on two key claims but found the white nationalists liable in four other counts the jury, rather, awarded slightly more than $25 million to nine people who suffered physical or emotional injuries during the two days of demonstrations.
经过近一个月的民事审判，美国夏洛茨维尔地区法院的陪审团星期二在两项关键索赔问题上僵持不下，但在这些白人民族主义者所涉及的另外四项案件中，该陪审团裁决他们赔偿在两天的示威活动中遭受身心伤害的9人2500多万美元。
At least 19 people, including nine security force members, have been killed during (an) attack in Burkina Faso.
至少19人在布基纳法索的一次袭击中丧生，其中包括9名安全部队成员。
That attack by suspected extremists, this according to the government's press agency on Tuesday.
据政府新闻社周二报道，这起袭击是由疑似极端分子发动的。
The attack occurred on Sunday in the Center-North region.
袭击于周日发生在中北部地区。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
