This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是大卫·伯德，为您远程报道。
The U.S. government is exploring options on how it would be able to continue to provide consular support and facilitate departures for those who wish to leave Afghanistan after the end of this month. Steve Herman has more from the White House.
美国政府正在探讨本月底后如何继续为希望离开阿富汗的人提供领事支持和便利离境的方式。史蒂夫·赫尔曼从白宫带来详细报道。
At the Defense Department, State Department and here at the White House, officials are continuing to focus on the accomplishments and robust criticism that the United States could end up stranding thousands of people who are on Washington's priority list for evacuation from Afghanistan after an August 31st deadline.
在美国国防部、国务院和白宫的官员们正持续关注进展和强烈的批评，即美国最终在8月31日的最后期限到来之后可能还有数千人滞留，这些人在华盛顿优先从阿富汗撤离人员的名单上。
White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki among those pointing to 82,000 evacuees from Kabul Airport since the middle of this month.
白宫新闻秘书珍·普萨基是本月中旬以来从喀布尔机场撤离的8.2万人中的一员。
"... we're on track to have the largest U.S. airlift in history, and I think that speaks for itself."
＂... 我们正在进行美国历史上最大规模的空运，我认为这就说明了一切。”
Secretary of State Antony Blinken says those still in Afghanistan after August 31st and desiring to depart will not be forgotten.
美国国务卿安东尼·布林肯表示，8月31日之后仍留在阿富汗并希望离开的人不会被忘记。
Steve Harman, VOA News, at the White House.
VOA新闻，史蒂夫·哈曼白宫报道。
An official says Poland has ended its evacuations from Afghanistan as the clock ticks down on dramatic Western efforts to help people flee. AP's Charles de Ledesma has more.
一名官员表示，波兰已结束从阿富汗的撤离行动，西方各国帮助人们逃离的紧张行动已经接近尾声。美联社记者查尔斯·德·莱德斯马将带来详细报道。
A Polish official says a group of people taken from Kabul who are now in Uzbekistan are the last evacuated by Poland, adding the nation made its decision to not to continue operations after consulting with the U.S. and British officials.
一名波兰官员说，从喀布尔离开的一批目前在乌兹别克斯坦的人是波兰最后撤离的一批人，并补充说，波兰在与美国和英国官员磋商后决定不再继续行动。
President Joe Biden declared he is sticking to his August 31 deadline to completing the American pull out as the Taliban insisted he must. That ramps up pressure on an already risky airlift to get out as many people as possible in the coming days.
美国总统拜登宣布，他将遵循8月31日的最后期限，按照塔利班的要求完成美军的撤离。要在未来几天尽可能多地撤离人员，这给本就很危险的空运工作增加了压力。
I'm Charles de Ledesma.
我是查尔斯·德·莱德斯马。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
