The death toll in the major earthquake that struck Haiti on August 14th has risen to 2,207, according to authorities on Sunday, as attacks on aid convoys have complicated efforts to bring relief to survivors.
海地当局周日称，8月14日袭击海地的大地震造成的死亡人数已上升至2207人，因救援车队遇袭，向幸存者运送救援物资的工作变得更加复杂。
"New bodies have been found in the south," according to the country's civil protection service, adding that 344 people remain missing and more than 12,000 have been listed as injured.
该国民防部门表示，“在南部发现了新的尸体”，并补充说，仍有344人失踪，超过1.2万人受伤。
Search-and-rescue workers are continuing to pick through the jumbled mounds of debris left by the powerful 7.2 magnitude quake, but hopes of finding survivors are fading by the hour.
搜救人员继续在这场7.2级强烈地震留下的杂乱废墟中搜寻，但随着时间流逝，找到幸存者的希望越来越渺茫。
Haitian authorities claim nearly 600,000 people were directly affected by the disaster and are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.
海地当局声称，近60万人直接受到这场灾难的影响，急需人道主义援助。
But efforts to deliver water, food and medical supplies to quake victims have been complicated not just by road and bridge outages but also by attacks on aid convoys by gangs threatening violence.
但是，向震区灾民运送水、食品和医疗用品的工作变得复杂，不仅道路和桥梁中断通行，还有团伙对救援车队进行暴力威胁。
Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi on Sunday met with Japan's foreign minister and called on Tokyo to release the Islamic Republic's funds that have been frozen in Japan because of U.S. sanctions over its nuclear program.
伊朗总统易卜拉欣·拉伊西星期天会见了日本外相，并呼吁东京释放由于美国对伊朗核项目实施制裁而被冻结在日本的伊斯兰共和国资金。
Japan and, to a larger extent, South Korea are both major exporters of technology. 
日本（在更大程度上）和韩国都是主要的技术出口国。
They hold billions of dollars in Iranian assets. 
他们持有数十亿美元的伊朗资产。
These funds have been frozen since former U.S. President Donald Trump unilaterally withdrew Washington from a landmark nuclear deal and reimposed sanctions on Tehran in 2018.
2018年美国前总统唐纳德·特朗普单方面让华盛顿退出一项具有里程碑意义的核协议，并重新对德黑兰实施制裁，自那时起这些资金就一直被冻结着。
Washington said in mid-July it is allowing Iran to use the frozen funds to settle debts in South Korea and Japan but insisted it did not allow any to be transferred to Tehran itself.
华盛顿在7月中旬表示，将允许伊朗使用被冻结的资金来偿还韩国和日本的债务，但坚称不允许将任何资金转移至德黑兰。
Talks between Iran and world powers aimed at reviving the 2015 accord have stalled since late June. 
伊朗和世界大国之间旨在重启2015年核协议的谈判自6月底以来陷入僵局。
The United States has been involved only indirectly in those talks.
美国只是间接参与了这些谈判。
