Author Joan Didion has died.
作家琼·狄迪恩去世。
She's best known for her essays, memoirs, novels and screenplays as well as her grief over the death of her husband and daughter.
她最著名的作品是她的散文、回忆录、小说和剧本，还有那本记叙了她对丈夫和女儿去世深感悲痛的日记。
The cause of death was Parkinson's disease, according to her publisher on Thursday.
她的出版商周四表示，她死于帕金森氏症。
Didion first emerged as a writer of substance in the late 1960s as an early practitioner of what was called "new journalism," which allowed writers to take a narrative, more-personalized perspective.
狄迪翁在20世纪60年代末作为一名有分量的作家首次出现，她是“新新闻”的早期实践者，“新新闻”允许作家们采取一种更具叙事性的、更个性化的视角来书写。
Joan Didion was 87 years old.
琼·狄迪恩享年87岁。
Security researchers say they've confirmed that a third Polish opposition figure had his phone hacked with sophisticated spyware from the Israeli company, NSO Group.
安全研究人员表示，他们已经证实，第三位波兰反对派人物的手机已被以色列公司NSO集团的先进间谍软件入侵。
The senator was hacked nearly three dozen times, using NSO's Pegasus spyware when he was running the opposition's campaign against the right-wing populist government in 2019 parliamentary elections.
在2019年的议会选举中，这名参议员在领导反对派反对右翼民粹主义政府的竞选活动时，被通过NSO的Pegasus间谍软件入侵了近30次。
The opposition figure says he believes the hacking revelations call into question whether that election was fair.
这位反对派人士说，他认为非法侵入事件的曝光令人开始质疑那次选举是否公平。
A Polish government spokesman would neither confirm nor deny ordering the hacks or say whether it's an NSO client.
波兰政府发言人既没有证实也没有否认下令进行黑客攻击，也没有说明其是否是NSO的客户。
The company spokesperson said Pegasus is only supposed to be used against terrorists and criminals.
该公司发言人表示，Pegasus仅被用于打击恐怖分子和犯罪分子。
NSO says it's terminated contracts with governments that have used those terms.
NSO表示，它已经终止了与之前达成合作的政府的合同。
Two British studies provide some early hints that the omicron variant of the coronavirus may be milder than the delta version.
英国的两项研究得出的一些初期迹象表明，欧米克隆型冠状病毒可能比德尔塔型更温和。
Scientists stress that even if the findings of these early studies hold up, any reductions in severity need to be weighed against the fact that omicron spreads much faster than delta and is more able to evade vaccines.
科学家们强调，即使这些早期研究的结果成立，任何降低严格程度的措施都需要与以下事实相权衡，即欧米克隆比德尔塔病毒传播更快、更能避开疫苗的防护。
Sheer numbers of infections could still overwhelm hospitals.
仅仅是感染人数的增多就可能使医院不堪重负。
Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton, VOA News.
玛丽莎·梅尔顿为您远程报道，美国之音新闻。
