Mexico's Supreme Court on Monday struck down part of the country's health law that allowed medical personnel to refuse to carry out abortions on the grounds of a conscientious objection.
墨西哥最高法院周一推翻了该国卫生法的部分内容，该部分法律允许医务人员以良心反对为由拒绝实施堕胎。
The ruling is the latest in a series by the top court removing legal hurdles to abortion in the conservative Latin American country.
在这个保守的拉丁美洲国家，这是最高法院为堕胎消除法律障碍最新的一项裁决。
The court ruled the law did not establish the guidelines and limits necessary for doctors and nurses to exercise objection without jeopardizing patients' rights.
法院裁定，该法律没有为医生和护士在不损害患者权利的情况下拒绝堕胎确立所需的指导方针和限制。
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court ruled that women should not be punished for abortion, opening the way for them to access the procedure across the country without fear of being prosecuted.
本月早些时候，最高法院裁定，女性不应因堕胎而受到惩罚，这为她们在全国范围内进行堕胎而无需担心被起诉开辟了通道。
Abortion has been decriminalized in four of Mexico's 32 states, including Mexico City, in the first 12 weeks.
在墨西哥32个州中，有4个州将孕期12周以内的堕胎合法化，其中包括墨西哥城。
Women will now also be able to undergo the procedure with the judge's order in states where it is criminalized.
在堕胎被视为犯罪的州，女性现在也可以在法官的命令下进行堕胎。
U.S. officials said Monday more than 6,000 Haitians and other migrants have been removed from an encampment at a Texas border town as they defended a strong response that included immediately deporting migrants to their impoverished Caribbean country and using horse patrols to stop them from entering the town.
美国官员星期一说，6000多名海地人和其他移民已经从德克萨斯州一个边境城镇的营地被驱逐。他们为自己的强硬措施进行了辩护，这些措施包括立即将移民驱逐到他们贫穷的加勒比岛国，并使用骑兵巡逻队阻止他们进入该镇。
Calling it a, quote, "challenging and heartbreaking situation," U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas issued a stark warning, quote, "If you come to the United States illegally, you will be returned. Your journey will not succeed, and you will be endangering your life and your family's life."
美国国土安全部部长亚历杭德罗·马约卡斯称这是“具有挑战性和令人心碎的状况”，并发出严厉警告，“如果你非法来到美国，你会被遣返。你的旅程不会成功，你会将你和家人的生命置于危险之中。”
Mayorkas and Border Patrol Chief Raul Ortiz claimed they will look into agents on horseback using what appeared to be whips and their horses to push back migrants at the river between Mexico where thousands of migrants remain camped around a bridge.
马约卡斯和边境巡逻队长劳尔·奥尔蒂斯称，他们将调查骑兵工作人员，他们似乎在用鞭子和马驱赶美墨界河周边的移民，数千名移民仍在那里的一座桥附近扎营。
Mayorkas says he has asked the Defense Department for help in what may be one of the swiftest, large-scale expulsion(s) of migrants and refugees from the United States in decades.
马约卡斯说，他已经向国防部寻求帮助，这可能是美国几十年来最迅速的大规模驱逐移民和难民的行动之一。
