Austria's president has welcomed the resignation of Chancellor Sebastian Kurz and demanded that the country's politicians work hard to restore voters' trust after several days of drama that brought the government to the brink of collapse.
奥地利总统欣然接受了总理塞巴斯蒂安·库尔兹的辞职，并要求该国政界人士努力恢复选民的信任，此前几天的戏剧性事件已使政府处于崩溃边缘。
President Alexander Van der Bellen said he will swear in Alexander Schellenberg, currently Austria's foreign minister, as chancellor later on Monday.
总统亚历山大·范德贝伦表示，他将于周一晚些时候让现任奥地利外长亚历山大·谢伦伯格宣誓就任总理。
Kurz announced his resignation on Saturday after prosecutors announced he is one of the targets of an investigation of suspected bribery and breach of trust.
库尔兹周六宣布辞职，此前检察官宣布他是涉嫌贿赂和背信调查的目标之一。
Kurz and his close associates are accused of trying to secure his rise to the leadership of his party and the country with the help of manipulated polls and friendly media reports financed with public money.
库尔兹和他的亲信被指控试图通过操纵民意和使用公款资助友好媒体报道，确保他成为他所在政党和国家的领导人。
Kurz became the leader of his Austrian People's Party and then chancellor in 2017.
库尔茨于2017年成为奥地利人民党领袖，并随后担任总理。
Government forces have detained at least 500 people in a sweeping crackdown in Indian-controlled Kashmir, according to local officials on Sunday.
据当地官员周日称，在印控克什米尔地区的大规模镇压行动中，政府军拘留了至少500人。
This follows a string of suspected militant attacks and targeted killings in the disputed region.
此前，在争议地区发生了一系列疑似激进分子袭击和有针对性的杀戮事件。
Assailants fatally shot three Hindus and a Sikh person in the region's main city of Srinagar this week in a sudden rise in violence against civilians that both pro- and anti-India Kashmiri politicians widely condemned.
本周，在该地区主要城市斯利那加，袭击者枪杀了三名印度教徒和一名锡克教徒。针对平民的暴力事件骤增，亲印和反印的克什米尔政界人士都广泛谴责这一事件。
Local police blamed the spate of killings on militants fighting against Indian rule in the region for decades.
当地警方将接二连三的杀戮事件归咎于数十年来在该地区反抗印度统治的武装分子。
Officials said they had detained in the last three days more than 500 people across the Kashmir Valley for questioning.
官员们表示，在过去的三天里，他们在克什米尔山谷各地扣押了500多人进行讯问。
And Abdul Qadeer Khan, celebrated as the father of Pakistan's nuclear weapons program but accused of smuggling technology to Iran, North Korea and Libya, has died.
阿卜杜勒·卡迪尔·汗去世，他被誉为巴基斯坦核武器项目之父，但被控向伊朗、朝鲜和利比亚走私技术。
He died Sunday at the age 85.
他于周日去世，享年85岁。
The nuclear scientist, who spent the last years of his life under heavy guard, passed away in the capital Islamabad, where he had recently been hospitalized with COVID-19.
这位核科学家在严密的看守下度过了生命的最后几年，并在首都伊斯兰堡去世，近期他因新冠肺炎在那里住院治疗。
