This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Liz Parker.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是莉兹·帕克，为您远程报道。
Hundreds of supporters of Shiite religious leader Muqtada al-Sadr celebrated Monday night in Baghdad, Iraq.
周一晚上，什叶派宗教领袖穆克塔达·萨德尔的数百名支持者在伊拉克巴格达举行庆祝活动。
The crowd celebrated as the first results of the Iraqi parliamentary elections came in.
当伊拉克议会选举的初步结果出来时，人们庆祝了一番。
The preliminary results showed the block of Iraq's populist Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr maintaining the most seats in parliament.
初步结果显示，伊拉克民粹主义什叶派神职人员穆克塔达·萨德尔在议会中保持多数席位。
The maverick leader is remembered for leading an insurgency against U.S. forces after the 2003 invasion.
这位特立独行的领导人因领导2003年的反美入侵战争而被人们铭记。
Crowds formed around Baghdad's iconic Tahrir Square, dancing and holding Iraqi flags and al-Sadr posters.
人群聚集在巴格达地标性的解放广场四周，手举伊拉克国旗和萨德尔海报跳舞。
With 94 percent of the ballot boxes counted, none of the competing political blocs appeared on track to win a majority in parliament and consequently name a prime minister.
目前已经清点了94%的选票，这些相互竞争的政治集团中，似乎没有一个有望赢得议会多数席位，从而选出一位总理。
A U.K. parliamentary report has concluded that Britain's Conservative government waited too long to impose a lockdown early in the COVID-19 pandemic.
英国议会的一份报告得出结论，英国保守党政府在新冠肺炎疫情早期的封锁措施实施得太迟了。
The report Tuesday says that caused the nation to miss a chance to contain the disease and led to thousands of unnecessary COVID-19 deaths.
周二的这份报告称，这使英国错过了控制疫情的机会，导致了数千例不必要的新冠肺炎死亡。
The claim is part of a joint report from the House of Commons' science and health committees.
该声明是下议院科学和健康委员会联合报告的一部分。
The report says the delay resulted from ministers' failure to question the recommendations of scientific advisers, resulting in a dangerous level of "groupthink."
报告称，延误是因为部长们没有质疑科学顾问的建议，导致了危险的“群体思维”局面。
That caused British authorities to dismiss the more aggressive virus strategies adopted in Asia.
这使得英国当局对亚洲所采取的更激进的病毒策略不予理会。
Russia, Germany and France have agreed that their foreign ministers should meet to discuss the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine.
俄罗斯、德国和法国同意三国外长会晤，讨论乌克兰东部持续不断的冲突。
French President Emmanuel Macron, Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by phone Monday on the issue of Ukraine.
法国总统马克龙、俄罗斯总统普京和德国总理默克尔星期一就乌克兰问题通了电话。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
