This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Liz Parker.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是莉兹·帕克，为您远程报道。
Police in the Midwestern U.S. state of Wisconsin say a suspect who drove into a Christmas parade killed five people and injured 48.
美国中西部威斯康辛州警方说，一名驾驶汽车闯入圣诞游行队伍的嫌疑人造成了5人死亡，48人受伤。
They say the man had been involved in a domestic disturbance just minutes before the incident.
他们说，这名男子在事件发生前几分钟卷入了一场家庭骚乱。
Waukesha Police Chief Dan Thompson said during a press conference Monday there is no evidence the crash in the small city just west of Milwaukee was related to terrorism.
瓦克夏警察局长丹·汤普森星期一在新闻发布会上说，没有证据表明这起发生在密尔沃基以西的小城市的车祸事件与恐怖主义有关。
The police chief said officers did not have time to respond to the domestic disturbance complaint before the suspect left the scene and drove toward the parade.
警察局长说，警察还没来得及对家庭骚乱的投诉做出回应，嫌犯就离开了现场，开车向游行队伍驶去。
Police say the annual Waukesha Christmas parade was underway in the downtown area late Sunday afternoon local time when the suspect drove his SUV through the parade route at a high speed.
警方表示，当地时间周日下午晚些时候，一年一度的瓦克夏圣诞游行正在市中心进行，嫌犯驾驶他的SUV高速穿过游行路线。
Thompson said the suspect, who is identified as Darrell Brooks, was not being pursued by police at the time. Brooks is from Milwaukee and is being charged with five counts of intentional homicide.
汤普森说，嫌疑人名叫达雷尔·布鲁克斯，警方当时没有追捕他。布鲁克斯来自密尔沃基，目前被控五项故意杀人罪。
U.S. President Joe Biden has renominated Jerome Powell to a second term as chair of the country's central bank, the Federal Reserve.
美国总统拜登再次提名杰罗姆·鲍威尔连任美联储（该国中央银行）主席。
The president saying Monday that Powell has played a pivotal role in helping the United States recover from the worst of the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
总统周一表示，鲍威尔在帮助美国从冠状病毒疫情造成的最严重的经济衰退中复苏方面发挥了关键作用。
President Biden's nomination of Powell to one of the most important economic policy positions in the world ends weeks of speculation in financial markets and in Washington political circles.
拜登总统此次提名鲍威尔担任世界上最重要的经济政策职位之一，结束了金融市场和华盛顿政界持续数周的猜测。
Some progressive Democrats in Congress had pushed the president to name Fed Governor Lael Brainard to head the bank.
国会中的一些进步民主党人曾敦促总统任命美联储理事莱尔·布雷纳德为行长。
But the president instead named her as vice chair.
但总统没有这么做，而是任命她为副主席。
