AFP is reporting that plainclothes police officers in Tunisia's capital on Friday arrested a senior official of the Ennahdha party which played a central role in the country's politics until a power grab by the current president, Kais Saied.
法新社报道，周五，突尼斯首都的便衣警察逮捕了复兴运动党的一名高级官员。在现任总统凯伊斯·赛义德夺权之前，该党在该国政治中一直扮演着核心角色。
The party condemned the arrest of Noureddine Bhiri, a former justice minister and deputy president of the Islamist-inspired Ennahdha party.
该党谴责了对前司法部长、伊斯兰复兴运动党副主席努尔丁·比里的逮捕行为。
Tunisia was the only democracy to emerge from the Arab Spring revolts of roughly a decade ago.
突尼斯是大约十年前阿拉伯之春起义中唯一崛起的民主国家。
But civil society groups and the president's opponents have expressed fear of a slide back into authoritarianism.
但公民社会团体和总统的反对者表示，他们担心国家会重新陷入威权主义。
South Africans on Friday took their last chance to pay their respects to Archbishop Desmond Tutu on the eve of a funeral for the revered anti-apartheid fighter.
周五，在德斯蒙德·图图大主教葬礼前夕，南非人最后一次向这位备受尊敬的反种族隔离斗士致敬。
Since Thursday, nearly 3,000 mourners have filed through Cape Town's St. George's Cathedral before the simple pine casket containing Tutu's remains.
自周四以来，近3000名哀悼者排队穿过开普敦的圣乔治大教堂，瞻仰装有图图遗体的简易松木棺材。
Members of Tutu's family hugged and consoled each other as the coffin returned for the second and final day of the lying-in-state.
在遗体瞻仰期的第二天，也就是最后一天，当棺材被运回，图图的家人相互拥抱安慰。
Tutu died peacefully age 90 on Sunday.
图图周日于平静中离世，享年90岁。
He was considered a moral compass who had helped to hold the country out of the darkness of the apartheid era.
他被视为是帮助这个国家走出黑暗的种族隔离时代的道德指南针。
Tutu was for years the emblem of the struggle to end white minority rule as Nelson Mandela and other leaders languished in prison.
多年来，图图一直是终结白人少数统治斗争的象征，与此同时，纳尔逊·曼德拉和其他领导人在监狱里饱受煎熬。
A total of 45 journalists were killed worldwide in 2021, according to the International Federation of Journalists, or IFJ, on Friday. It said it's "one of the lowest death tolls" they had ever recorded.
据国际记者联合会(IFJ)周五透露，2021年全球共有45名记者被杀。该联合会称，这是他们有记录以来“死亡人数最少的年份之一”。
The IFJ said the media workers "more often than not were killed for exposing corruption, crime and abuse of power in their communities."
IFJ称，这些媒体工作人员“经常因为揭露他们所在社会的腐败、犯罪和滥用权力而被杀害”。
