This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是大卫·伯德，为您远程报道。
Two of the three men convicted in the assassination of Malcolm X are set to be cleared Thursday after insisting on their innocence since the 1965 killing of one of the United States most formidable fighters for civil rights.
被判暗杀马尔科姆·艾克斯的三名男子中，有两名将于周四洗脱罪名。自1965年美国最强大的民权斗士之一被杀以来，他们一直坚称自己是清白的。
Manhattan's top prosecutor Cyrus Vance Jr. said Wednesday that authorities withheld evidence that favored the defense in the trial of Muhammad Aziz, now 83, and the late Khalil Islam, according to The New York Times.
据《纽约时报》报道，曼哈顿首席检察官小塞勒斯·万斯周三说，当局在对现年83岁的穆罕默德·阿齐兹和已故的哈利勒·伊斯拉姆的审判中，保留了有利于辩方的证据。
Aziz and Islam spent decades in prison for the crime but a recent documentary sparked a nearly two-year investigation by their lawyers and the Manhattan District Attorney's Office.
阿齐兹和伊斯拉姆因这一罪行在监狱里待了几十年，但最近的一部纪录片触发了他们的律师和曼哈顿地区检察官办公室为期近两年的调查。
A federal judge on Wednesday sentenced the U.S. Capitol rioter nicknamed the "QAnon Shaman" for his horned headdress to 41 months in prison for his role in the deadly January 6 attack by former President Donald Trump's followers.
周三，一名联邦法官判处因戴角头饰获绰号“QAnon萨满”的美国国会暴徒41个月监禁，原因是他在1月6日前总统唐纳德·特朗普的追随者发动的致命袭击中发挥了作用。
Prosecutors had asked U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth to impose a longer 51-month sentence on Jacob Chansley.
检察官曾要求美国地区法官罗伊斯·兰伯斯对雅各布·钱斯利判处更长的51个月刑期。
Chansley's attorney Albert Watkins says his client is being made an example of as one of the more recognizable figures in the assault on the Capitol.
钱斯利的律师阿尔伯特·沃特金斯表示，他的当事人被用来当作国会大厦遇袭案中最知名的人物之一受到惩罚以示儆戒。
"I think there has been mischaracterization from time to time by the government that reflection overzealous overreach that occurs in a fashion which is designed to be expedient and send a message."
“我认为，政府有时描述不当，认为这种过于狂热的反应是越界，这实际是在特殊情况下传递信息的权宜之计。”
Chansley pleaded guilty in September to obstructing an official proceeding when he and thousands of others stormed the building in an attempt to stop Congress from certifying President Joe Biden's election.
钱斯利在9月份承认了妨碍官方程序的罪名，当时他和其他数千人冲进大楼，试图阻止国会认证乔·拜登总统的当选。
A down day on Wall Street, with the Dow Jones Industrials losing 0.58 percent, the S&P down by 0.26 percent and the NASDAQ dropping 0.33 per cent.
今天华尔街股市下跌，道琼斯工业指数下跌0.58%，标准普尔指数下跌0.26%，纳斯达克指数下跌0.33%。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
