This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
The U.S. Supreme Court is hearing arguments Monday whether the United States government can invoke a protection of "state secrets" defense to withhold information about its surveillance of Muslims at mosques in California.
周一，美国最高法院就美国政府是否可以援引保护“国家机密”的理由来隐瞒其在加州清真寺监控穆斯林的信息举行听证会。
The dispute began a decade ago when three Muslim men filed suit against the Federal Bureau of Investigation, alleging the top U.S. law enforcement agency deployed a confidential informant who claimed to be a convert to Islam to spy on them based solely on their religious identity.
这场争端始于10年前，当时三名穆斯林男子对美国联邦调查局提起诉讼，指控美国最高执法机构部署了一名自称皈依伊斯兰教的秘密线人暗中监视他们，仅仅因为他们的宗教身份。
The U.S. Constitution guarantees freedom of the practice of one's religion.
美国宪法保障个人的宗教信仰自由。
But the government is claiming in this case that it can refuse to disclose information about its surveillance under authority granted to it by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, as well as its use of the state secrets privilege defense.
但政府声称，在此案中，基于《外国情报监视法案》的授权，它可以拒绝公开有关其监视活动的信息，以及其使用国家机密特权防御的信息。
That defense allows the government to block the release of information that it considers to be a risk to national security.
这一防御特权允许政府阻止发布其认为对国家安全有风险的信息。
Palestinians on Sunday criticized Israel for rejecting the promised reopening of the U.S. consulate in Jerusalem.
巴勒斯坦人星期天抨击以色列违背重新开放美国驻耶路撒冷领事馆的承诺。
It's a move that would restore Washington's main diplomatic mission for the Palestinians in the contested city.
重开领事馆将恢复华盛顿在这座争议城市的主要外交任务，即为巴勒斯坦人提供服务。
Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett said late Saturday there was no room in Jerusalem for another American mission.
以色列总理纳夫塔利·贝内特星期六晚间表示，耶路撒冷没有地方再容纳一家美国领事馆。
The Trump administration closed the U.S. consulate for Palestinians in Jerusalem, an office that for years served as a de facto embassy.
特朗普政府关闭了为在耶路撒冷的巴勒斯坦人提供服务的美国领事馆，该领事馆多年来一直是事实上的大使馆。
Secretary of State Antony Blinken has pledged to reopen the consulate.
国务卿安东尼·布林肯承诺重新开放领事馆。
Israel says that move would challenge its sovereignty over the city.
以色列称此举将挑战其对该城市的主权。
Proponents of the move say the reopening could help mend U.S. ties with the Palestinians.
这一举措的支持者表示，重新开放可能有助于修复美国与巴勒斯坦人的关系。
From Washington, this is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻，于华盛顿播报。
