This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok was brought home late Tuesday, his office said, after a day of intense international pressure following his removal in a military coup.
苏丹总理阿卜杜拉·哈姆多克办公室称，总理已于周二晚间回到家中。他在军事政变中被赶下台，此前一天受到来自国际社会的巨大压力。
His office adds Hamdok is, quote, "under close surveillance" while other ministers and civilian leaders remain under arrest after the army dissolved Sudan's institutions on Monday.
他的办公室补充说，哈姆多克目前处于“严密监视”下，而其他部长和文职领导人在周一军队解散苏丹过渡政府后仍被扣押。
Earlier in the day, the U.S. said it would suspend aid over the coup and the EU had threatened to do the same.
当天早些时候，美国表示由于政变将切断对苏丹的援助，欧盟也威胁要这么做。
Meanwhile, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres demanded Hamdok, quote, "be released immediately" ahead of an emergency Security Council meeting.
与此同时，联合国秘书长安东尼奥·古特雷斯要求在安理会紧急会议之前“立即释放”哈姆多克。
The coup comes just over two years into a delicate power-sharing arrangement between the military and civilians after the army's ousting during enormous street protests in April, 2019 of longtime autocrat Omar al-Bashir.
2019年4月，长期独裁的奥马尔·巴希尔遭到大规模街头抗议，军队被赶下台。两年多后，军方和文官之间达成了一种微妙的权力共享协定。
Angry citizens stood their ground on barricaded streets where tires burned chanting, quote, "No to military rule," the day after four people were shot dead by security forces, according to a doctors group.
据一个医生组织称，在安全部队开枪打死了四个人的第二天，愤怒的公民们站在被路障封锁的街道上，轮胎燃烧着，高喊着“对军事统治说不”。
A medical panel of U.S. government advisers endorsed the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine for 5 to 11-year-olds Tuesday, paving the way for younger children to get their shots within weeks.
周二，一个由美国政府顾问组成的医疗小组批准了辉瑞公司为5至11岁儿童提供的新冠疫苗，为年龄较小的儿童在几周内接种疫苗铺平了道路。
The independent experts concluded the known benefits outweigh the known risks.
独立专家得出的结论是，已知的好处大于已知的风险。
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration which convened the meeting is expected to give its formal green light soon, making 28 million young Americans eligible for the shot by mid-November.
美国食品和药物管理局(FDA)召集了这次会议，预计很快就会正式批准，到11月中旬，将有2800万美国儿童有资格注射疫苗。
Analysis by Pfizer posted by the FDA before the meeting shows the vaccine was 91 percent effective at preventing symptomatic COVID-19.
美国食品药品监督管理局(FDA)在会前发布了辉瑞公司的分析，分析显示该疫苗在预防新冠肺炎方面的有效性为91%。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
