This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
U.S. President Joe Biden on Tuesday at the White House defended the exit from Afghanistan is the, quote, "best decision for America" the day after the U.S. military withdrawal was being celebrated by the Taliban as a major victory.
美国总统拜登星期二在白宫为从阿富汗撤军是“对美国最好的决定”进行辩护。此前一天，塔利班将美军撤军视为一次重大胜利举行庆祝。
He spoke as the United Nation warns of a looming, quote, "humanitarian catastrophe" in Afghanistan, underscoring the challenges the victorious Taliban face as they transform from insurgent group to governing power.
他说这番话的同时，联合国警告称，阿富汗即将发生一场“人道主义灾难”，强调获胜的塔利班在从叛乱组织转变为统治者的过程中面临的挑战。
For America, Biden argued the only choice in Afghanistan was leaving or escalating.
拜登认为，美国在阿富汗的唯一选择是要么撤军要么升级斗争。
The president has been criticized for his handling of the withdrawal and frenzied airlift, which saw the United States and its allies fly more than 120,000 people fleeing the Taliban regime out of Afghanistan - something Biden says was a, quote, "extraordinary success."
拜登因其对撤军和疯狂空运的处理方式而受到批评，美国及其盟友将超过12万名逃离塔利班政权的人空运出阿富汗，拜登称这是一次“非凡的成功”。
All eyes will now turn to how the Taliban handle their first few days with sole authority over the country, with a sharp focus on whether they will allow free departure for those wanting to leave, including some foreigners.
现在，所有的目光都将转向塔利班，看他们如何处理在阿富汗拥有独权的头几天，重点是他们是否会允许那些想要离开的人自由离开，包括一些外国人。
The U.S. has said that, quote, "under 200" of its citizens remained in the country and Britain said the number of nationals inside was in the "low hundreds."
美国表示，仍有“不到200名”美国公民留在该国，而英国则表示，留在该国的国民人数“不到数百人”。
Thousands of Afghans who worked with the U.S.-backed government over the years and fear retribution also want to get out.
数千名多年来与美国支持的政府合作并担心遭到报复的阿富汗人也想离开。
Talks are ongoing as to who will now run Kabul Airport, which German Chancellor Angela Merkel warns of "existential importance" for lifeline of aid.
关于如今将由谁来管理喀布尔机场的谈判正在进行中，德国总理安吉拉·默克尔警告说，该机场对援助生命线来说是“极其重要的”。
U.N. chief António Guterres warned Tuesday of the challenges faced by Afghans as the Taliban build a new regime and expressed, quote, "grave concern at the deepening humanitarian and economic crisis in the country."
联合国秘书长古特雷斯星期二警告说，随着塔利班建立新政权，阿富汗人面临挑战，并表示“对阿富汗日益加深的人道主义和经济危机表示严重关切”。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
