Israel claimed Tuesday that Iran is five years away from developing a nuclear weapon and said international talks due to restart next week will do nothing to slow it down, adding it reserved the right to act to protect itself.
以色列周二表示，伊朗距离发展核武器还有5年的时间，并表示定于下周重启的国际谈判不会减缓伊朗发展核武器的速度，并补充说，以色列保留采取行动保护自己的权利。
The 2015 accord saw Iran agree to curbs on its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international sanctions and indirect negotiations to revive the deal are due to resume in Vienna next Monday after a five-month pause.
在2015年的协议中，伊朗同意限制其核计划，以换取解除国际制裁，为重启该协议而进行的间接谈判将于下周一在维也纳重启，此前谈判已经暂停了5个月。
Israel has long opposed the nuclear deal but Prime Minister Naftali Bennett's government, which has been in power since June, had previously said it could be open to a new deal with tougher restrictions.
以色列长期以来一直反对这项核协议，但自6月开始掌权的总理纳夫塔利·贝内特的政府此前曾表示，可能会对一项限制更严格的新协议持开放态度。
Israel itself widely believed to have nuclear weapons has long argued that the 2015 deal was too weak to prevent Iran from pursuing a bomb.
外界普遍认为以色列拥有核武器，长期以来，以色列一直辩称2015年的协议太没有影响力，无法阻止伊朗发展核武器。
Former U.S. President Donald Trump abandoned the deal in 2018, describing it as too soft.
美国前总统唐纳德·特朗普在2018年放弃了该协议，称其过于软弱。
Iran responded by violating some of the deal's restrictions.
伊朗违反了协议的一些限制作为回应。
Current U.S. President Joe Biden's ministration aims to revive U.S. participation in that nuclear deal.
现任美国总统乔·拜登的政府旨在恢复美国对那项核协议的参与。
A top U.S. diplomat said Tuesday he's worried that the military developments in Ethiopia are getting in the way of efforts to stop the escalation of the country's year-long conflict.
美国一名高级外交官周二表示，他担心埃塞俄比亚的军事发展会阻碍为阻止该国长达一年的冲突升级所作的努力。
On returning from a trip to Ethiopia, U.S. special envoy Jeffrey Feltman told reporters he and other diplomats were trying to achieve a de-escalation and cease-fire between the Ethiopian federal government and forces led by the Tigrayan People's Liberation Front.
在结束对埃塞俄比亚的访问回国后，美国特使杰弗里·费尔特曼对记者说，他和其他外交官正努力实现埃塞俄比亚联邦政府和提格雷人民解放阵线领导的部队之间的冲突缓和与停火。
The top U.S. and Russian generals spoke by phone Tuesday as tensions along the Russian-Ukrainian border appeared to reach new highs.
美国和俄罗斯高级将领周二通了电话。与此同时，俄乌边境的紧张局势似乎达到了新的高度。
Both Washington and Moscow quickly issued readouts of the call.
华盛顿和莫斯科都迅速发布了有关这通电话的信息。
The U.S. statement said the two generals discussed several security-related issues of concern.
美国的声明称，两位将军讨论了几个与安全有关的关切问题。
It also said both sides had agreed to keep the details of Tuesday's call private.
声明中还表示，双方已同意对周二通话的细节保密。
The conversation follows heightened concern about what the U.S. and NATO repeatedly have described as unusual activity by Russian forces along Russia's border with Ukraine and Crimea.
在此次通话之前，美国和北约曾一再表示，俄罗斯军队在俄罗斯与乌克兰和克里米亚边境地区进行的不寻常活动加剧了人们的担忧。
Ukrainian intelligence estimates have put the number of Russian troops along the border at about 90,000.
乌克兰情报部门估计，边境沿线的俄罗斯军队人数约为9万人。
