Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok said in a televised statement Tuesday that a failed coup attempt was planned by military and civilian operatives associated with former President Omar al-Bashir.
苏丹总理哈姆多克星期二在电视讲话中说，与前总统巴希尔有关联的军事和文职官员策划了一次未遂的政变。
A military official said an unspecified number of troops from the armored corps tried to seize military headquarters and state-run television.
一名军方官员说，隶属装甲部队的人数不详的士兵试图占领军事总部和国家电视台。
The official also said more than three dozen troops that included high-ranking officers have been arrested in connection with Tuesday's events.
这位官员还说，包括高级军官在内的30多名士兵因与周二的事件有关而被捕。
The alleged coup attempt highlighted the challenges Sudan faces as it undergoes a democratic transition more than two years after the military's overthrow of Bashir during mounting public opposition to his three-decade rule.
苏丹现正经历民主过渡，这次所谓的政变未遂事件突显了苏丹面临的挑战。两年多以前，巴希尔30年的统治遭到越来越多的公众反对，军方推翻了他的统治。
The Sudanese military ousted Bashir in April of 2019.
苏丹军方于2019年4月将巴希尔赶下台。
Since then, Sudan has been governed by the Sovereign Council under a precarious power-sharing agreement between military and civilian officials.
从那时起，苏丹一直由（过渡）主权委员会统治，基于军方和文职官员达成的一项不稳定的权力分享协议治理。
United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres has condemned the coup attempt.
联合国秘书长安东尼奥·古特雷斯谴责了这起未遂政变。
He warned it could delay the country's transition to democracy.
他警告称，这可能会耽误该国向民主的过渡。
Libyan lawmakers have passed a vote of no confidence in the country's transitional government.
利比亚议员通过了对该国过渡政府的不信任投票。
The move will create further uncertainty for a long-awaited elections scheduled for later this year.
此举将为一场期待已久的选举带来进一步的不确定性，该选举定于今年晚些时候举行。
A spokesman for the legislature said 113 lawmakers attended the vote Tuesday in the eastern city of Tobruk. He said 89 voted in favor of the no-confidence option.
议会发言人说，113名议员参加了星期二在东部城市托布鲁克举行的投票。他说，89人投票赞成不信任选项（撤回对政府的信任）。
The prime minister has said that his government will push forward with plans for election in late December.
总理表示，他的政府将推进12月下旬的选举计划。
Fast-food giant McDonald's said Tuesday it would phase out plastic toys from its signature Happy Meals for children by 2025.
快餐巨头麦当劳周二表示，在2025年之前，将逐步淘汰其特色产品儿童开心乐园餐中的塑料玩具。
McDonald's said the process had already begun in Britain and Ireland, and that all its Happy Meal toys in France were already made sustainably.
麦当劳表示，这一进程已经在英国和爱尔兰开始，其在法国的所有开心乐园餐玩具都已经是可持续生产的。
In place of plastic toys, the meals may now contain toys made of cardboard for the child to assemble.
如今的餐食可能会包含纸板制成的玩具，供孩子组装，以取代塑料玩具。
McDonald's said the new standards will reduce fossil-fuel based plastic in its toys by 90 percent.
麦当劳表示，新标准将使其玩具中的化石燃料塑料减少90%。
But the fast-food chain acknowledges that a large percentage of its packaging remains plastic.
但这家快餐连锁店承认，很大一部分包装仍然是塑料的。
The company said it has set some goals to also eliminate plastic packaging by 2025.
该公司表示已设定一些目标，在2025年之前也将消除塑料包装。
