Indonesian rescuers retrieved more bodies buried under volcanic debris on Monday.
周一，印尼救援人员在火山残骸下找到了更多的尸体。
Improved weather conditions allowed them to resume their search after a volcano on Indonesia's Java Island erupted with fury.
天气状况好转使他们得以继续搜救，此前印尼爪哇岛一座火山爆发。
At least 22 people were killed, leaving 27 others missing.
至少22人死亡，另有27人失踪。
Mount Semeru spewed thick columns of ash in a sudden eruption Saturday triggered by heavy rain.
周六，塞梅鲁火山因受到暴雨引发突然喷发出厚厚的火山灰柱。
Villages and nearby towns were blanketed by tons of volcanic debris.
村庄和附近的城镇被成吨的火山残骸覆盖。
Searing gas raced down the sides of the mountain, smothering entire villages and killing or seriously burning those caught in its path.
灼热的气体从山侧倾泻而下，覆盖了整个村庄，致使沿途行人死亡或严重灼伤。
Disaster officials say 56 people were hospitalized, mostly with burns.
救灾官员称有56人住院治疗，其中大部分是烧伤。
The U.N. General Assembly upheld a decision to further delay action on allowing the Taliban and Myanmar's junta to represent Afghanistan and Myanmar in the international body.
联合国大会维持了一项决议，即进一步推迟允许塔利班和缅甸军政府在该国际机构代表阿富汗和缅甸的行动。
The General Assembly's Credentials Committee announced last week that it would postpone action on evaluating the Taliban's and the military junta's requests to represent their countries in the 193-member body.
联合国大会全权证书委员会上周宣布，将推迟评估塔利班和缅甸军政府代表各自国家加入联合国的请求。联合国大会现由193个成员国组成。
As a result, the envoys appointed by Afghanistan and Myanmar's former governments will, for now, remain in these nations' seats.
因此，阿富汗和缅甸前政府任命的特使将暂时留在这两个国家的席位上。
It's a decision backed by the General Assembly on Monday.
这一决定在周一得到了联合国大会的支持。
Following the Taliban and the junta's assumptions of power in their nations, these new governments attempted to challenge the authority and credibility of Afghanistan and Myanmar's current ambassadors.
继塔利班和缅甸军政府在各自国家掌权之后，这两个新政府试图挑战阿富汗和缅甸现任大使的权威和信誉。
The three-year-old colt, whose Kentucky Derby victory in May came under scrutiny because of a positive drug test, has collapsed and died after a workout in Southern California.
一匹三岁的小马在南加州训练后晕倒死亡。这匹小马在5月肯塔基州赛马比赛中因药检呈阳性而备受关注。
Trainer Bob Baffert says Medina Spirit, part of the horse racing community, suffered a heart attack.
驯马师鲍勃·巴弗特表示，“麦地那精神”是赛马家庭中的一员，当时它突发了心脏病。
The colt had just completed five furlongs in his second workout since finishing second in the Breeders' Cup Classic a month ago.
这匹小马刚刚完成了5弗隆的训练，他在一个月前的育种杯精英赛中获得了亚军，这是自那之后的第二次训练。
The horse will undergo a full necropsy to try to determine the exact cause of death.
这匹马将接受全面尸检，以查明确切死因。
