This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
UNICEF is warning that schools in Haiti are increasingly at the mercy of gangs, with children becoming targets of robbery or ransom.
联合国儿童基金会警告说，海地的学校越来越多地受到帮派的摆布，孩子们成为抢劫或勒索的目标。
The agency said Tuesday at least seven schools in the capital of Port-au-Prince have been forced to pay unidentified gangs in exchange for security in the past two months and that additional institutions have also been threatened.
该机构星期二说，在过去的两个月里，首都太子港至少有七所学校被迫向身份不明的帮派付钱以换取安全，另外一些机构也受到威胁。
The warning comes days after authorities said gang members killed a university professor they had recently abducted.
在发出这一警告的几天前，当局称帮派成员杀害了他们最近绑架的一名大学教授。
In addition, U.S. and Haitian authorities are still trying to secure the release of 17 missionaries from a U.S. religious organization who were kidnapped on October 16 near the capitol.
此外，美国和海地当局仍在努力解救10月16日在首都附近被绑架的17名美国宗教组织传教士。
Ethiopia's government declared a national state of emergency Tuesday as rival Tigray forces threatened to move on the capital and the country's yearlong war escalates quickly.
埃塞俄比亚政府星期二宣布全国进入紧急状态，随着敌对的提格雷部队威胁要向首都开进，该国长达一年的战争迅速升级。
The United States said security has, quote, "deteriorated significantly," and it strongly warned its citizens to consider leaving.
美国表示，安全形势已“显著恶化”，并强烈警告其公民考虑撤离。
The emergency declaration by Ethiopia's Council of Ministers was the clearest sign of alarm yet from the government of Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who a year ago this week allowed soldiers from a neighboring country to invade the Tigray region and pursue forces alongside Ethiopian troops.
埃塞俄比亚部长委员会的紧急声明是总理阿比·艾哈迈德政府迄今为止发出的最明确的警告信号。一年前的这周，阿比任凭邻国的士兵入侵提格雷地区，同埃塞俄比亚军队角逐权力地位。
Thousands of people have been killed since then.
自那以来，已有数千人被杀。
The state of emergency takes effect immediately and will last for six months.
紧急状态立即生效，将持续六个月。
The government can impose a curfew, order citizens into military training, disrupt transport services and travel, suspend licenses of media outlets and detain indefinitely anyone suspected of having links with a terrorist group.
政府可能会实施宵禁，命令公民接受军事训练，中断交通服务和旅行，吊销媒体机构的执照，无限期拘留任何与恐怖组织有关联的嫌疑人。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
