Some 200 foreigners including Americans landed in the Qatari capital Doha on Thursday after leaving Afghanistan's capital Kabul on a commercial flight.
包括美国人在内的大约200名外国人乘坐商业航班离开阿富汗首都喀布尔，于周四降落在卡塔尔首都多哈。
It was the first such large-scale departure since the U.S. and other forces completed their frantic withdrawal over a week ago.
这是自一周前美军和其他部队完成慌乱撤军以来，第一次如此大规模的撤离。
Ned Price is the State Department spokesman.
内德·普莱斯是美国国务院发言人。
"... and we remain deeply committed to facilitating the safe transit of U.S. citizens, LPRs, and at-risk Afghans who wish to leave Afghanistan, and we will continue our efforts. We will be relentless in doing so."
“……我们仍然坚定地致力于为希望离开阿富汗的美国公民、合法永久居民和处境危险的阿富汗人的安全过境提供便利，我们将继续努力。我们将坚持不懈地这样做。”
The Qatar Airways flight to Doha marked a breakthrough in the bumpy coordination between the United States and Afghanistan's new Taliban rulers.
卡塔尔航空公司飞往多哈的航班标志着美国和阿富汗新塔利班统治者之间坎坷的协调取得了突破。
A days-long standoff over charter planes at another airport in Afghanistan has left dozens of passengers stranded.
阿富汗另一个机场就包机问题僵持了数天，导致数十名乘客滞留。
The U.N. special envoy for Afghanistan is urging the world to unite to prevent the economic collapse of the country to address fears the Taliban's Islamic State may spread to its neighbors and to fight terrorism.
联合国阿富汗问题特使敦促世界各国团结起来，防止阿富汗经济崩溃，以消除人们对塔利班伊斯兰国组织可能殃及邻国的担忧，并打击恐怖主义。
Deborah Lyons told the U.N. Security Council Thursday the Taliban have "visibly welcomed and sheltered" al-Qaeda members, and that Islamic State extremists remain active "and could gain strength."
莱昂斯星期四在联合国安理会表示，塔利班“显然在欢迎和庇护”基地组织成员，伊斯兰国极端分子仍然活跃，“并有可能不断壮大”。
"Al-Qaeda members remain in Afghanistan, visibly welcomed and sheltered by the de facto Taliban authorities. Islamic State Khorasan Province remains active and could gain strength."
“基地组织成员仍然留在阿富汗，显然受到了实际掌权的塔利班当局的欢迎和庇护。伊斯兰国呼罗珊省仍然活跃，并且可能会发展壮大。”
Nobel Peace Prize winner and advocate for women and girls' education Malala Yousafzai joined Lyons.
诺贝尔和平奖得主、妇女和女童教育倡导者马拉拉·优素福扎伊加入莱昂斯一边。
She asked the U.N. to ask the Taliban government to commit to guarantee and protect the rights of women and girls and for increased financial packages to ensure that all Afghan children can return to school as soon as possible.
她请求联合国要求塔利班政府承诺保障和保护妇女和女孩的权利，并增加财政补贴，以确保所有阿富汗儿童都能够尽快重返校园。
