This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Greek Orthodox officials say the spiritual leader of the world's 200 million Eastern Orthodox Christians has been hospitalized in Washington on the first full day of a planned 12-day U.S. visit.
希腊东正教官员说，全世界2亿东正教基督徒的精神领袖已在华盛顿入院治疗，这是他为期12天的访问美国计划的第一天。
He'll stay in the hospital overnight.
他将会在医院过夜。
The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America says Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, who is 81, was preparing to leave for a service at a cathedral in the nation's capital when he felt unwell.
在美国的希腊东正教大主教管区表示，81岁的普世牧首巴塞洛缪当时正准备前往该国首都的一个大教堂做礼拜，就在这时他感到身体不适。
The archdiocese says Bartholomew was advised by his doctor to rest and go to a local hospital for observation.
大主教管区表示，巴塞洛缪的医生建议他休息，并前往当地医院进行观察。
Later, the archdiocese said the patriarch was feeling well.
随后，大主教管区表示，主教感觉良好。
He's expected to be released from the hospital on Monday.
预计他将于周一出院。
An Israeli government ministry said Sunday that Israel plans to build more residences for Jewish settlers in the occupied West Bank adding to those announced in August by the new ruling coalition.
以色列一个政府部门星期天表示，以色列计划在它占领的约旦河西岸为犹太定居者建造更多的住宅，作为对新执政联盟8月份宣布建造的住宅的补充增加。
It says 1,355 homes adds to the more than 2,000 residences which defense sources said in August would be authorized for settlers in the West Bank.
该部门表示，除了8月份国防消息人士所说的2000多处住宅，还有1355处住宅将被批准于约旦河西岸建造。
Final approval is expected from the Defense Ministry this week for those homes.
预计国防部将于本周对这些房屋进行最终批准。
About 475,000 Israeli Jews live in settlements in the West Bank.
大约有47.5万以色列犹太人居住在约旦河西岸的定居点。
They are considered illegal under international law as they are located on land that Palestinians claim as part of their future state.
根据国际法，他们这样做被认定是非法的，因为他们所处的土地被巴勒斯坦人声称是他们未来国家的一部分。
Israel has occupied the West Bank since the Six Day War of 1967.
自1967年六日战争以来，以色列一直占领着约旦河西岸。
It exercises full administrative control over much of the territory where more than two million Palestinians live.
以色列对200多万巴勒斯坦人居住的大部分领土实行全面行政管控。
Israeli colonization of the West Bank and annexed East Jerusalem has continued under every Israeli government since 1967.
自1967年以来，每届以色列政府都在继续殖民约旦河西岸和被吞并的东耶路撒冷。
From Washington, you're listening to VOA News.
于华盛顿为您播报，您正在你收听的是美国之音新闻。
