This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
A suicide bomber killed at least five people at a crowded night spot in the city of Beni in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Saturday, according to local officials.
据当地官员称，周六，刚果民主共和国东部贝尼市一个人口密集的的夜总会发生了一场自杀式炸弹袭击，造成至少5人死亡。
French news agency put the death toll at five while the Associated Press reported six people dead.
法国新闻社报道死亡人数为5人，而美联社报道有6人死亡。
A statement from military officials running the north Kivu province said the suicide bomber was prevented by security from gaining access to the interior of the establishment but managed to activate his bomb at the entrance.
管理北基伍省的军方官员发表声明说，自杀式炸弹袭击者被安保人员阻止进入大楼内部，但他设法在入口处引爆了炸弹。
The statement said 13 survivors were being treated for their injuries in hospitals. It described the death toll as provisional.
声明称，13名幸存者正在医院接受治疗。并且称死亡人数可能还会改变。
The statement blamed the attack on the Allied Democratic Forces, the deadliest of the militia active in the region.
声明将这次袭击归咎于盟军民主力量，这是活跃在该地区的最致命的武装叛乱分子。
Shortly after the blast, the official in charge of the city called on residents to return to their homes for their own safety.
爆炸发生后不久，负责这座城市的官员呼吁居民为了自身安全回到家中。
Scientists declared the eruption on Spain's La Palma island officially over on Saturday, allowing islanders to breathe a sigh of relief nearly 100 days after the Cumbre Vieja volcano began to spew out lava, rock and ash, and upended the lives of thousands.
周六，科学家宣布西班牙拉帕尔马岛的火山喷发正式结束，这让岛上的居民松了一口气。近100天前，坎布雷·维贾火山开始喷发熔岩、岩石和火山灰，颠覆了数千人的生活。
After bursting into action on September 19, the volcano suddenly went quiet on Monday, December 13.
火山在9月19日爆发后，于12月13日星期一突然平静下来。
Authorities, however, wary of raising false hope, held off until Christmas Day to give the all-clear.
然而，当局担心带来不真实的希望，直到圣诞节才解除了警报。
The Canary Islands Regional security chief, Julio Perez, called a news conference Saturday and told reporters "What I want to say today can be said with just four words: The eruption is over."
加那利群岛地区安全负责人胡里奥·佩雷斯周六召开新闻发布会，并告诉记者，“我今天想说的只有四个字：喷发结束。”
Some 3,000 properties were destroyed by the flow of lava down the mountainside but remarkably no one was killed in the three-month eruption.
沿着山坡流下的熔岩摧毁了大约3000处房产，但值得注意的是，在为期三个月的火山喷发中，没有人死亡。
From Washington, you're listening to VOA News.
于华盛顿播报，您正在收听的是美国之音新闻。
