This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm Joe Ramsey.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是乔·拉姆齐，为您远程报道。
Mexico's Supreme Court unanimously ruled on Tuesday that penalizing and criminalizing abortion is unconstitutional, a major victory for advocates of women's health and human rights.
墨西哥最高法院周二一致裁定，惩罚堕胎并将其定为犯罪是违宪的，这是妇女健康和人权倡导者的一次重大胜利。
The decision in the world's second biggest Roman Catholic nations means that courts can no longer prosecute abortion cases and follows Argentina's historic legalization, which took effect earlier this year.
世界第二大罗马天主教国家的这一决定意味着法院不能再受理堕胎案件，此前阿根廷历史性地将堕胎合法化，并于今年早些时候生效。
It also comes as a growing feminist movement has taken to the streets in Mexico to press for change, including calls to end anti-abortion laws on the books in much of the country.
与此同时，墨西哥一场日益壮大的女权运动走上街头要求变革，包括呼吁终止该国大部分地区的反堕胎法。
Hundreds of mostly poor Mexican women have been prosecuted for abortion, while at least several dozen remain jailed.
数百名大多贫穷的墨西哥妇女因堕胎而被起诉，而至少数十人仍被监禁。
A trial in Paris of unprecedented scale starts under high security on Wednesday to judge twenty men suspected of involvement in the jihadist rampage across the capital on November 13th, 2015, the deadliest attack in peacetime France.
周三，巴黎在高度戒备下开始了一场规模空前的审判，审判20名涉嫌参与2015年11月13日横扫首都的圣战暴行的男子，这是发生在法国和平时期的最致命的袭击事件。
Some 130 people were killed and hundreds wounded when gunmen with suicide vests targeted six bars and restaurants, a concert hall and a sports stadium.
身着自杀式背心的持枪歹徒袭击了六家酒吧和餐厅、一个音乐厅和一个体育场，造成约130人死亡，数百人受伤。
With police on high alert, streets will be cut off to cars and pedestrians around the courthouse in central Paris.
由于警方处于高度戒备状态，巴黎市中心法院周围的街道将禁止汽车和行人通行。
Those authorized to attend the trial will have to go through multiple checkpoints before being allowed in a specially-built courtroom and other rooms where the hearings will be broadcast.
被授权参加审判的人必须通过多个检查站点，才能获准进入特别建造的法庭和其他转播听证会的房间。
The trial will last nine months, with about 1,800 plaintiffs and more than 300 lawyers taking part in what a French official has described as an unprecedented judicial marathon.
这场审判将持续9个月，大约1800名原告和300多名律师参加，一名法国官员称这是一场史无前例的司法马拉松。
A verdict is expected in late May.
预计判决结果将于5月下旬公布。
Most of the accused, including the 31-year old French-Moroccan believed to be the only surviving member, face life imprisonment if convicted.
如果罪名成立，大多数被告将面临终身监禁，其中包括31岁的法裔摩洛哥人，据信他是唯一幸存的成员。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
