This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。远程报道，我是大卫·伯德。
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken repeated Saturday that his country has real concerns about Russia's actions and statements on Ukraine as tensions build.
美国国务卿安东尼·布林肯周六重申，随着紧张局势的加剧，美国对俄罗斯在乌克兰问题上的行动和声明感到非常担忧。
Blinken said the concerns were widely shared by U.S. allies but declined to say whether American intelligence believed Russian President Vladimir Putin was aiming to seize land from Ukraine.
布林肯说，美国的盟友普遍都有这样的担忧，但拒绝透露美国情报机构是否认为俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京的目标是从乌克兰手中夺取土地。
"We've been in very close consultations with partners throughout Europe. And I can tell you that there's a widely shared concern and a real focus on that concern, and ..."
“我们一直在与欧洲各地的合作伙伴进行非常密切的磋商。我可以告诉你，大家普遍有这样的担忧，并且非常担忧，而且……”
Putin on Thursday accused Western nations of escalating the Ukraine conflict by holding drills in the Black Sea and flying bombers near its borders.
普京周四指责西方国家在黑海举行演习，并在其边境附近飞行轰炸机，从而使乌克兰冲突升级。
America's top defense official has vowed to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and to counter its dangerous use of suicide drones in the wider Mideast.
美国最高国防官员誓言要阻止伊朗获得核武器，并打击其在更广泛的中东地区使用自杀式无人机的危险行为。
"The United States remains committed to preventing Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon.
“美国仍然致力于阻止伊朗获得核武器。
And we remain committed to a diplomatic outcome of the nuclear issue.
我们仍然致力于获得有关核问题的外交结果。
But if Iran isn't willing to engage seriously, then we will look at all the options necessary to keep the United States secure."
但如果伊朗不愿意进行认真的接触，那么我们将考虑所有必要选项以确保美国的安全。”
Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin's comment Saturday in Bahrain at the annual Manama Dialogue appeared to be aimed at reassuring America's Gulf Arab allies as the Biden administration tries to revive the 2015 nuclear deal, which limited Iran's enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions.
美国国防部长劳埃德·奥斯汀星期六在巴林举行的年度“麦纳麦对话”中发表讲话，似乎是为了安抚美国在海湾地区的盟友。与此同时，拜登政府正在努力恢复2015年的核协议，该协议限制了伊朗的铀浓缩活动，以换取解除经济制裁。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
