At least five people were killed and several others wounded when Sudanese security forces opened fire on demonstrators in Khartoum and elsewhere in the country Saturday.
苏丹安全部队星期六在喀土穆和该国其他地方向示威者开枪，造成至少5人死亡，数人受伤。
The Sudan Doctors Committee said four people died from gunshots and one suffocated from tear gas in Khartoum and Omdurman on Saturday.
苏丹医生委员会称，周六在喀土穆和恩图曼有4人死于枪击，1人因催泪瓦斯窒息而死。
Several other protesters were wounded, including from gunshots.
还有几名抗议者受伤，包括枪伤。
The rallies came two days after military coup leader General Abdel Fattah al-Burhan reappointed himself the head of the Sovereign Council, Sudan's interim governing body.
两天前，军事政变领导人阿卜杜勒·法塔赫·布尔汗将军再次任命自己为苏丹临时管理机构主权委员会主席。
Thursday's move angered the pro-democracy alliance and frustrated the United States and other countries that have urged the military to reverse its coup and to restore civilian rule.
星期四的举动激怒了支持民主的联盟，也令美国及其他敦促军方逆转政变、恢复文官统治的国家感到失望。
A prolonged gun battle between rival gangs inside Ecuador's largest prison early Saturday left at least 68 inmates dead in the latest violence to hit the Litoral Penitentiary, which recently saw the country's worst prison bloodbath.
周六早些时候，厄瓜多尔沿海监狱最近发生了该国最严重的监狱血案，敌对帮派之间的枪战持续了很长时间，最近的这起暴乱造成了至少68名囚犯死亡。
The fighting lasted for almost eight hours in the lockup in the coastal city of Guayaquil and authorities attributed the fighting to prison gangs linked to international drug cartels.
在沿海城市瓜亚基尔的监狱里，打斗持续了近8个小时，当局将争斗归咎于与国际贩毒集团有关联的监狱帮派。
Videos circulating on social media showed bodies, some burned, lying on the ground inside the prison.
社交媒体上流传的视频显示，监狱里的地上躺着尸体，有些已经被烧毁。
Inmates "tried to dynamite a wall to get into a pavilion to carry out a massacre," according to authorities.
据当局称，囚犯“试图炸毁一堵墙，进入阁楼进行屠杀”。
The prison violence comes amid a national state of emergency declared by President Guillermo Lasso in October that empowers security forces to fight drug trafficking and other crimes.
在这起监狱暴力事件发生之际，总统吉列尔莫·拉索10月份宣布全国进入紧急状态，授权安全部队打击贩毒及其他犯罪活动。
In September, a battle among gangs inside Litoral left at least 118 people dead.
今年9月，沿海监狱内的一场帮派争斗造成至少118人死亡。
Authorities in Pakistan say an anti-terrorism raid and bomb blasts have killed at least five security personnel and wounded seven people.
巴基斯坦当局说，一起反恐突袭和炸弹爆炸造成至少5名安全人员死亡，7人受伤。
The casualties occurred Saturday in southwestern Baluchistan and northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces.
伤亡于星期六发生在俾路支省西南部和开伯尔-普赫图赫瓦省西北部。
Two soldiers were killed in a military raid in Baluchistan's Turbat city.
两名士兵在俾路支省图巴特市的一次军事突袭中丧生。
Another soldier was killed in a related incident while clearing a terrorist-planted bomb along a route frequented by civilians.
另一名士兵在一起相关事件中丧生，当时他正在清除一枚恐怖分子在平民经常经过的路线上放置的炸弹。
