A federal judge has handed down the toughest sentence yet in connection with the January 6 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol.
一名联邦法官对1月6日发生在美国国会大厦的暴乱作出了迄今为止最严厉的判决。
AP's Ben Thomas reports.
美联社的本·托马斯报道。
Robert Palmer of Largo, Florida, has been sentenced to more than five years in prison for attacking police officers trying to keep the angry mob from reaching the Capitol building.
佛罗里达州拉戈市的罗伯特·帕尔默因袭击试图阻止愤怒的暴徒进入国会大厦的警察而被判处五年以上监禁。
The 54-year-old was on the front line during the chaos, throwing a wooden plank and then spraying a fire extinguisher, which he hurled at officers when it was spent.
这名54岁的男子于混乱之中站在前排，投掷木板，接着喷洒灭火器，当灭火器用完后，他将灭火器扔向警察。
After briefly being pepper sprayed by police, he attacked again with a pole.
在被警察短暂地喷了胡椒喷雾后，他再次用棍子袭击了警察。
Palmer wept as he told the judge he felt really ashamed when he recently saw a video of his actions.
帕尔默哭着告诉法官，当他最近看到自己所作所为的视频时，他感到非常羞愧。
He said in the handwritten letter to the judge that he felt betrayed by Trump and his allies who'd fed them conspiracy theories about the election.
他在给法官的手写信中表示，他觉得自己被特朗普和他的盟友背叛了，后者向他们灌输了有关选举的阴谋论。
Ben Thomas, Washington.
本·托马斯，于华盛顿。
The defense has rested its case in the trial of British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell after two days of presenting evidence on her behalf.
在代表英国社交名流吉斯莱恩·马克斯韦尔案出示了两天的证据后，辩方律师表示该案证据已出示完毕。
Maxwell told the court that she would not testify in her own defense because the government has not proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt.
马克斯韦尔告诉法庭，她不会为自己辩护作证，因为政府还没有尽其举证责任。
The judge told the jury that announcement close the evidence portion of the trial and they should return Monday when parties will do their closing arguments.
法官告诉陪审团，这一声明结束了审判的证据呈供部分，他们应在周一回到本案，届时双方将进行结案陈词。
Maxwell has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of sex trafficking and other crimes. Her attorneys argue she is being scapegoated for former financier Jeffrey Epstein's behavior.
马克斯韦尔对8项性交易和其他犯罪指控拒不认罪。她的律师辨称，她是前金融家爱泼斯坦行为的替罪羊。
Epstein killed himself in 2019 at the age of 66 in a Manhattan jail cell while awaiting trial on sex crimes charges.
2019年，66岁的爱泼斯坦在曼哈顿一所监狱里自杀，当时他正在等待性犯罪指控的审判。
Pope Francis celebrated his 85th birthday on Friday, a milestone made even more remarkable given the coronavirus pandemic, his summertime intestinal surgery and the weight of history.
教皇方济各周五庆祝了他的85岁生日，考虑到新冠疫情、他在夏天进行的肠道手术和历史的份量，这一里程碑变得更加引人注目。
The pontiff shows no signs of slowing down his campaign to make the post-COVID world a more environmentally sustainable, economically just and fraternal place where the poor are given priority.
教皇没有表现出任何他会放缓运动的迹象，该运动旨在使新冠疫情后的世界成为一个环境可持续、经济公正、穷人得到优先考虑的友爱世界。
