Colombia on Tuesday adopted a tax reform plan that was at the root of violent anti-government protests that left more than 60 people dead this year, but was eventually reconfigured to be kinder to the middle class and the poor.
哥伦比亚周二通过了一项税收改革计划，该计划是今年导致60多人死亡的暴力反政府抗议活动的根源，但最终被调整至对中产阶级和穷人更友好的形态。
President Iván Duque signed the so-called "social investment law," which has as its stated objective to combat poverty in a country hit hard by the coronavirus epidemic.
总统伊万·杜克签署了所谓的“社会投资法”，其宣称目标是在一个遭到冠状病毒疫情严重打击的国家消除贫困。
He says the law will, quote, "benefit nearly 29 million Colombians in a vulnerable situation" out of a total population of some 50 million.
他说，这项法律将使哥伦比亚总共约5000万人口中的“近2900万弱势群体受益”。
A first version of the law presented by Duque early this year to combat the economic consequences of the global health crisis would have significantly increased taxes on an already battered middle class.
今年早些时候，杜克为应对全球健康危机带来的经济后果提出了该法案的第一版，该版本将大幅增加对本已遭受重创的中产阶级的税收。
Some 42 percent of Colombians now live in poverty, and more than 16 percent are unemployed.
大约42%的哥伦比亚人现在生活在贫困中，超过16%的人失业。
The tax bill caused a social explosion, with thousands taking to the streets on April 28th claiming they would be left poorer.
这项税收法案引发了社会轰动，数千人在4月28日走上街头，声称他们会变得更穷。
Tunisia's president said Tuesday the country is being run by a "mafia" and pledged to fight corrupt politicians, adding, quote, "I will not engage in dialogue with thieves."
突尼斯总统星期二说，突尼斯正在由“黑手党”统治，并承诺打击腐败的政客。他还说，“我不会与窃贼对话。”
He is a legal theorist and former law professor, who was elected in 2019 and has billed himself as the ultimate interpreter of the constitution.
他是一名法律理论家和前法学教授，于2019年当选，并标榜自己为宪法的最终解释者。
He invoked that power on July 25th to fire the prime minister, freeze parliament and strip MPs of their immunity and assume all executive powers.
他在7月25日动用这一权力解雇了总理，冻结了议会，剥夺了议员的豁免权，并接管了所有的行政权力。
He has also taken control of the judiciary but has yet to appoint a new government or reveal a roadmap towards normalization despite repeated demands by political parties.
他还控制了司法部门，但尽管各政党一再要求，他仍未任命新政府，也未公布正常化的计划。
The African Union said Tuesday it wants to buy COVID-19 vaccines rather than keep waiting for donor-funded doses to arrive and implored producers to give the continent a fair shot at market access.
非洲联盟周二表示，它希望购买新冠疫苗，而不是一直等待捐助方资助的疫苗抵达，并恳求生产商给非洲大陆一个公平的市场准入机会。
The AU also urged manufacturing nations to lift export bans so the continent can begin to address for itself the glaring inequity in access to coronavirus jabs as wealthy nations hog available doses.
非盟还敦促制造业国家解除出口禁令，这样非洲大陆就可以开始自己解决在获取冠状病毒疫苗方面的明显不平等问题，因为富裕国家霸占了可用的疫苗。
