This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Diane Roberts.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是戴安·罗伯茨，为您远程报道。
The funeral of South Africa's anti-apartheid icon Archbishop Desmond Tutu has been set for January 1st, his foundation announced.
南非反种族隔离代表德斯蒙德·图图大主教的基金会宣布，他的葬礼将定于1月1日举行。
The Nobel Peace Prize laureate and veteran of South Africa's struggle against apartheid died Sunday at the age of 90, the presidency said.
南非总统宣布，这位诺贝尔和平奖得主、南非反种族隔离斗争的前辈于周日去世，享年90岁。
The foundation said in a statement, quote, "while arrangements for a week of mourning are still in their infancy," end quote. The period will lead to the archbishop's funeral January 1st in Cape Town.
该基金会在一份声明中说，“目前为期一周的哀悼活动仍处于初步阶段”。这段时间之后，大主教的葬礼将于1月1日在开普敦举行。
Reaction continues.
来看其它方面的反应。
U.S. President Joe Biden said Tutu followed his spiritual calling to create a better, freer and more equal world.
美国总统拜登说，图图遵从了他自己的精神召唤，要创造一个更美好、更自由、更平等的世界。
Quote, "His legacy transcends borders and will echo throughout the ages," end quote.
“他的遗产超越国界，将在各个时代回响”。
Former President Barack Obama said, quote, "Archbishop Desmond Tutu was a mentor, a friend and a moral compass for me and so many others," end quote.
前总统巴拉克·奥巴马说：“德斯蒙德·图图大主教是我和其他许多人的导师、朋友和道德指南针。”
In 1984, the South African cleric and activist won the Nobel Peace Prize for his non-violent opposition to white minority rule.
1984年，这位南非神职人员和活动人士因非暴力反对白人少数统治而获得诺贝尔和平奖。
A decade later, he witnessed the end of that regime and chaired a Truth and Reconciliation Commission set up to unearth atrocities committed during those dark days.
十年后，他见证了那个政权的终结，并主持了真相与和解委员会，该委员会成立的目的是揭露在那些黑暗日子里犯下的暴行。
Holiday travel headaches and safety worries swelled Sunday, with thousands of flights cancelled, events scrapped and new omicron cases soaring, as people wrap up Christmas celebrations bruised by a resurgent COVID pandemic.
周日，假日旅行的困难和对安全的担忧加剧，数千个航班被取消，活动也被取消，新的奥米克戎病例飙升，人们就这样结束了被卷土重来的新冠疫情挫伤的圣诞庆祝活动。
Some 7,900 flights have been grounded and tens of thousands more delayed from Friday through Sunday -- one of the busiest travel periods of the year -- with multiple airlines acknowledging that omicron spikes have prompted staffing shortages.
从周五到周日，约有7900个航班停飞，数万个航班延误——这是一年中最繁忙的出行时段之一——多家航空公司承认，奥米克戎病例的激增导致了人手短缺。
The highly transmissible omicron strain has sent new cases skyrocketing across the globe, with countries reviving dreaded lockdowns.
高度可传播的欧米克龙病毒株在全球范围内导致新病例激增，各国恢复了令人畏惧的封锁。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
