A Senate panel probing Brazil's pandemic response asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to suspend President Jair Bolsonaro from social media as it prepared to vote on a report accusing him of crimes against humanity.
周二，一个调查巴西疫情应对措施的参议院小组要求最高法院封禁巴西总统贾伊尔·博尔索纳罗的社交媒体账户，该委员会准备就一份指控他犯下反人类罪的报告进行投票。
The senators called for the far-right leader to be barred indefinitely from YouTube, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram after he falsely alleged COVID-19 vaccines were linked to AIDS.
参议员们呼吁无限期禁止这位极右翼领导人访问YouTube、Twitter、Facebook和Instagram，此前他曾错误地声称新冠疫苗与艾滋病有关。
The lawmakers said in a court filing signed by the 11-member panel('s) deputy chair, quote, "We can no longer tolerate this type of behavior."
议员们在一份由11人小组的副主席签署的法庭文件中说，“我们不能再容忍这种行为了。”
The request came as the Senate commission, which has spent the past six months investigating the government's pandemic response, prepared to vote on a final report that recommends the president face criminal charges for downplaying COVID-19 and flouting expert advice on containing it.
参议院委员会在过去六个月里一直在调查政府应对疫情的举措。在提出这一要求之际，该委员会准备对一份最终报告进行投票。报告建议以轻视新冠疫情并无视专家疾控建议的罪名对总统提起刑事诉讼。
The committee does not have the power to bring charges itself and is unlikely the attorney general or lower house speaker, both Bolsonaro allies, will open criminal or impeachment proceedings.
该委员会本身无权提起诉讼，司法部长或众议院议长也不太可能启动刑事或弹劾程序，他们都是博尔索纳罗的盟友。
Haiti's streets were unusually quiet on Tuesday and gas stations remained dry as gangs blocked the entrance to ports that hold fuel stores and the country's main gang boss demanded that Prime Minister Ariel Henry resign.
周二，海地的街道异常平静，加油站仍然没有油，因为帮派封锁了燃料库所在港口的入口，该国主要帮派的头目要求总理阿里尔·亨利辞职。
Days-long fuel shortages have left Haitians with few transport options and forced the closure of some businesses.
持续数天的燃料短缺使海地人几乎没有交通选择，并迫使一些企业关闭。
Hospitals, which rely on diesel generators to ensure electricity due to constant blackouts, may shut down as well.
由于经常停电而依赖柴油发电机供电的医院也可能关闭。
The situation has put further pressure on a population already struggling under a weakening economy and a wave of gang kidnappings, including the abduction earlier this month of a group of Canadian and American missionaries.
经济疲软以及一系列帮派绑架事件（其中包括本月早些时候一群加拿大和美国传教士被绑架），给本已苦苦挣扎的海地人民带来了进一步的压力。
Gangs have taken on an increasingly political role following the July assassination of President Jovenel Moise.
自从7月份总统约韦内尔·莫伊斯被暗杀后，帮派扮演着越来越重要的政治角色。
