This is VOA News. Reporting by remote, I'm David Byrd.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是大卫·伯德，为您远程报道。
Security forces shot dead three people during nationwide protests in Sudan on Saturday, according to a doctors committee, as hundreds of thousands of people demanded the restoration of a civilian-led government after a military coup.
据一个医生委员会说，周六，在苏丹全国范围内的抗议活动中，安全部队开枪打死了三人。因为在军事政变后，数十万人要求恢复文官领导的政府。
In Khartoum, security forces used tear gas and gunfire to try to disperse a huge crowd after protesters had been setting up a stage and discussing the possibility of a sit-in.
在喀土穆，在抗议者们搭建平台并讨论静坐抗议的可能性后，安全部队使用催泪瓦斯和枪支试图驱散大量人群。
The Central Committee of Sudanese Doctors said three protesters were shot dead by security forces in Omdurman.
苏丹医生中央委员会表示，三名抗议者在恩图曼被安全部队开枪打死。
It said 38 people were injured, including some by gunfire.
据称有38人受伤，其中一些人是被枪击所伤。
Sudanese police have denied shooting protesters during the demonstrations, saying on state TV that one policeman sustained gunshot wounds.
苏丹警方否认在示威期间向抗议者开枪，并在国家电视台上称，一名警察受了枪伤。
The demonstrations marked the biggest challenge to General Abdel Fattah al-Burhan since he ousted the country's prime minister and his cabinet on Monday.
这些示威活动是阿卜杜勒·法塔赫·布尔汗将军自周一罢免该国总理及其内阁以来面临的最大挑战。
The United States and the European Union are settling a diplomatic rift over Trump era steel and aluminum tariffs.
美国和欧盟正在解决特朗普时代钢铁和铝关税的外交分歧。
AP's Ben Thomas reports.
美联社本·托马斯带来报道。
The White House says the tariffs won't be removed entirely but under a new agreement with the EU, some quantity of European steel and aluminum will be allowed to enter the U.S. without tariffs.
白宫表示，关税不会完全取消，但根据与欧盟的一项新协议，部分欧洲钢铁和铝将被允许免关税进入美国。
In exchange, the EU is dropping retaliatory tariffs and will ensure steel entering the U.S. via Europe is produced entirely in Europe.
作为交换，欧盟正在降低报复性关税，并将确保通过欧洲进入美国的钢铁完全在欧洲生产。
The Trump administration imposed the tariffs in 2018, claiming foreign steel and aluminum were a threat to U.S. national security.
特朗普政府于2018年开始征收关税，声称外国的钢铁和铝对美国国家安全构成威胁。
That justification outraged Europeans and other allies, prompting counter-tariffs on an array of U.S.-made goods, including motorcycles, bourbon, peanut butter and jeans.
这一理由激怒了欧洲各国及其他盟国，促使他们对一系列美国制造的商品征收反关税，包括摩托车、波旁威士忌、花生酱和牛仔裤。
I'm Ben Thomas.
我是本·托马斯。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
