Gambia's incumbent President Adama Barrow was on course for a resounding election on Sunday.
冈比亚现任总统阿达玛·巴罗将于周日进行一场声势浩大的选举。
That's according to partial results.
根据不完整结果得出。
A win for Barrow could help to draw a line under recent political turmoil.
巴罗的胜利将可能有助于结束最近的政治动荡。
Saturday's vote was the first in 27 years without disgraced former President Yahya Jammeh, who lives in exile in Equatorial Guinea after refusing to accept defeat to Barrow in 2016.
周六的投票是27年来首次没有名誉扫地的前总统叶海亚·贾梅参与的投票。贾梅在2016年拒绝接受败给巴罗的结果，目前流亡在赤道几内亚。
U.S. Republican political icon Bob Dole has died at the age of 98.
美国共和党政治代表人物鲍勃·多尔去世，享年98岁。
Dole overcame disabling war wounds to become a sharp-tongued Senate leader from the U.S. state of Kansas.
多尔克服了致他残疾的战争创伤，成为美国堪萨斯州的一名言辞犀利的参议院领袖。
He was a Republican presidential candidate and then a symbol and celebrant of his dwindling generation of World War II veterans.
他曾是共和党总统候选人，后来成为了他那一代日益减少的二战老兵的象征和见证人。
Dole announced in February, 2021 that he'd been diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer.
多尔在2021年2月宣布，他被诊断出患有4期肺癌。
His family said he died in his sleep overnight.
他的家人说他昨晚在睡梦中去世。
A court in Myanmar is due to deliver the first rulings on Monday in the trial of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi.
缅甸一家法院定于周一对诺贝尔和平奖获得者昂山素季的审判做出第一次裁决。
She is the popular former leader ousted by the military in a coup ten months ago.
她是一位广受欢迎的前领导人，在10个月前的军事政变中被赶下台。
Suu Kyi faces a dozen cases that include multiple corruption charges plus violations of a state secret(s) act, a telecoms law and COVID-19 regulations.
昂山素季涉及十几起诉讼，包括多项腐败指控，以及违反国家保密法、电信法和新冠肺炎法规。
Together the charges carry combined maximum sentences of more than a century in prison.
这些指控加起来最高可判处超过一个世纪的监禁。
The verdicts are deferred from last week, with Suu Kyi and co-defendant Win Myint, the ousted president, facing jail terms of two years for incitement and three years for breaches of coronavirus protocols, if found guilty.
原定于上周进行的判决被推迟，如果被判有罪，昂山素季和共同被告、被罢黜的总统温敏，将因煽动罪被判两年监禁，因违反冠状病毒协议被判三年监禁。
They deny the charges.
他们否认了这些指控。
Myanmar has been in turmoil since the February 1st coup, paralyzed by protests and instability that escalated after the junta's deadly crackdown on its opponents, which it calls "terrorists."
自2月1日政变以来，缅甸一直处于动荡之中。在军政府对反对派——军政府称这些反对派为“恐怖分子”——进行致命镇压后，抗议活动和不稳定局势升级，使缅甸陷入瘫痪。
The international community has condemned the violence and Western states have demanded Suu Kyi's release.
国际社会谴责了此暴力行为，西方国家要求释放昂山素季。
