Lawyers and the family of a former U.S. Marine who is in prison for assaulting police officers in Moscow says he has begun a hunger strike to protest his detention and human rights abuses behind bars, a claim Russian officials have denied.
一名前美国海军陆战队成员因在莫斯科袭击警察而入狱，他的律师和家人说，他已经开始绝食抗议他被拘留以及在狱中被侵犯人权。俄罗斯官员否认了这一说法。
Trevor Reed, a 29-year-old from Texas, was convicted in July and sentenced to nine years in prison for an altercation in August, 2019 in Moscow, where he was studying Russian and visiting his girlfriend.
今年7月，得克萨斯州29岁的特雷弗·里德因其在莫斯科发生争执被判处9年监禁，当时他正在莫斯科学习俄语并看望女友。
He allegedly assaulted police officers who were driving him to a police station after picking him up following a night of heavy drinking at a party.
据称，他在派对上喝了一夜大酒后被一名警察接走，并袭击了这位开车送他去警局的警察。
His lawyers told the Interfax news agency that he has been on a hunger strike since last Thursday.
他的律师告诉国际文传电讯社，他自上周四以来一直在绝食抗议。
But Russia's state penitentiary service denied the claim Tuesday and insisted that Reed was eating, quote, "in accordance with the daily schedule."
但俄罗斯国家监狱部门周二否认了这一说法，并坚称里德是“按照每日安排”进食的。
The United States on Tuesday condemned arrests based on ethnicity in Ethiopia after the detentions of U.N. staff reportedly from the Tigrayan community.
美国星期二谴责埃塞俄比亚基于种族进行的逮捕行动。此前有报道称，联合国工作人员被拘留在了提格雷社区。
U.S. State Department spokesman Ned Price told reporters, quote, "Security force harassment and detention on the basis of ethnicity is completely unacceptable."
美国国务院发言人内德·普莱斯对记者说：“安全部队基于种族的骚扰和拘留是完全不能被接受的。”
The detentions come as U.S. envoy Jeffrey Feltman visits Ethiopia as he seeks to back efforts for an immediate cease-fire in the intensifying year-long support.
这些拘留事件发生之际，美国特使杰弗里·费尔特曼正在访问埃塞俄比亚，寻求立即停火，而埃塞俄比亚一年来不断增援。
The United States again voiced hope for efforts led by a former Nigerian president, who is serving as an envoy by the African Union.
美国再次表示，希望由尼日利亚前总统（曾任非洲联盟特使）领导做出一些努力。
The envoy has, quote, "spoken to this window of opportunity that he believes -- and, in turn, we believe -- does exist and continues to exist," according to Price.
普赖斯说，特使“谈及他相信这个机会之窗，我们也相信这个机会之窗确实存在，并将继续存在”。
