This is VOA News. Reporting via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Chilean far-right presidential candidate Jose Antonio Kast has conceded defeat to leftist rival Gabriel Boric in national elections.
智利极右翼总统候选人何塞·安东尼奥·卡斯特承认在全国大选中败给左翼对手加布里埃尔·博里奇。
With more than half the ballots counted, the partial results showed Boric had a substantial lead.
超过一半的选票已经清点完毕，部分结果显示博里奇遥遥领先。
The election posed a particularly stark choice between two political outsiders.
这次大选是在两个政治局外人之间进行的艰难选择。
Many feared the socially and fiscally conservative policies of Law and Order candidate Kast.
许多人担心“法律与秩序”候选人卡斯特在社会和财政方面的保守政策。
He was against gay marriage and abortion.
他反对同性婚姻和堕胎。
He was a proponent of cutting taxes and social spending.
他是减税和社会支出的支持者。
Critics of Boric were put off by his political alliance with the Communist party.
博里奇与共产党的政治联盟令他的批评者望而却步。
Boric has vowed to increase social spending in a country with one of the world's largest gaps between rich and poor.
博里奇誓言要增加该国的社会支出，智利是世界上贫富差距最大的国家之一。
Islamic countries pledged on Sunday to set up a humanitarian trust fund for Afghanistan with millions facing hunger and a harsh winter setting in.
周日，伊斯兰国家承诺为数百万面临饥饿和严冬的阿富汗设立人道主义信托基金。
Pakistan's prime minister warned of chaos if the worsening emergency is not urgently addressed.
巴基斯坦总理警告说，如果不立即解决日益严重的紧急情况，国家将陷入混乱。
The crisis is causing mounting alarm but the international response has been muted given Western reluctance to help the Taliban government which seized power in August.
这场危机正在引发越来越多的恐慌，但由于西方国家不愿帮助8月份夺取政权的塔利班政府，国际社会的反应一直是保持沉默。
Participants in the meeting said in a statement Sunday that allowing Afghanistan access to reserves frozen outside the country would be key to preventing economic collapse.
与会代表星期天在一份声明中表示，允许阿富汗使用被冻结在国外的外汇储备是防止经济崩溃的关键。
The meeting included representatives from the United Nations, the United States, the European Union and Japan.
参加会议的有来自联合国、美国、欧盟和日本的代表。
And Myanmar's ousted leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, is expected Monday to hear the verdict in her trial for illegally bringing walkie talkies into the country.
被罢黜的缅甸领导人昂山素季预计将于周一接受对她非法携带对讲机入境的听审。
It's the latest in a catalogue of judgments in a junta court that could see her jailed for decades.
这是军政府法庭一系列判决中最新的一项，她可能会被判入狱数十年。
This is VOA News.
这里是美国之音新闻。
