This is VOA News. Via remote, I'm Marissa Melton.
这里是美国之音新闻。我是玛丽莎·梅尔顿，为您远程报道。
Hospital sources in Mekelle, Ethiopia, have told VOA that at least six people were killed and 21 injured in an Ethiopian army airstrike on Thursday.
来自埃塞俄比亚默克莱医院的消息人士告诉美国之音，埃塞俄比亚军队星期四发动空袭，造成至少6人死亡，21人受伤。
The attack brings the total number of casualties from a series of government bomb strikes since last week to at least 12 dead and 55 wounded, according to medical personnel.
据医务人员称，自上周以来，政府发动了一系列炸弹袭击，使总伤亡人数达到至少12人死亡，55人受伤。
(The) Ethiopian National Defense Forces issued a statement saying the latest attack was aimed at a military equipment maintenance facility operated by the Tigray People's Liberation Front.
埃塞俄比亚国防军发表声明说，最近的袭击针对的是提格雷人民解放阵线运营的一个军事设备维修设施。
But witnesses in Mekelle told VOA that the late-morning airstrike hit a residential area.
但是默克莱的目击者告诉美国之音，上午晚些时候的空袭击中了一个居民区。
A doctor at the hospital said three of the dead were children.
医院的一名医生说，死者中有三人是儿童。
He blamed a blockade of the region for shortages of food, drugs and medical equipment at the hospital.
他将医院的食品、药品和医疗设备短缺归咎于对该地区的封锁。
Ethiopian Communications Minister Legesse Tulu told VOA that the attack, quote, "successfully targeted an arms maintenance facility" used by the TPLF.
埃塞俄比亚通讯部长Legesse Tulu对美国之音说，这次袭击“成功地锁定了TPLF使用的一个武器维修设施”。
He said the federal government had not received any reports of civilian casualties from the strike.
他说，联邦政府还没有收到任何关于袭击造成平民伤亡的报告。
U.S. climate envoy John Kerry spoke in London Thursday ahead of next week's climate summit in Glasgow, Scotland, saying that addressing the climate crisis is the only choice, and the cost of not doing so is far greater than the cost of taking action.
下周气候峰会将在苏格兰的格拉斯哥召开，在此之前，美国气候特使克里星期四在伦敦发表讲话说，解决气候危机是唯一的选择，不这样做的代价远远大于采取行动的代价。
Kerry said the effects of climate change are being felt now.
克里表示，气候变化的影响现在已经显现出来了。
He said, "The planet is already at its hottest and least stable point in 125,000 years."
他说：“地球已经处于12.5万年来最热、最不稳定的时刻。”
He said some of the impact(s) is irreversible and already is causing deaths.
他说，一些影响是不可逆转的，并且已经造成了死亡。
Kerry was speaking at the London School of Economics.
克里在伦敦经济学院发表讲话。
He said most of the responsibility for repair lies with the top 20 economies of the world who are responsible for 80 percent of all emissions.
他说，修复工作的大部分责任在于世界上最大的20个经济体，它们的碳排放量占全球总排放量的80%。
From Washington, you're listening to VOA News.
于华盛顿报道，您正在收听的是美国之音新闻。
